What is terrence ross' nationality
What clu was in toronto 1995-96
which club was in toronto 2003-06
how many schools or teams had jalen rose
Where was Assen held?
What was the number of race that Kevin Curtain won?
What was the date of the race in Misano?
How many different positions did Sherbrooke Faucons (qmjhl) provide in the draft?
What are the nationalities of the player picked from Thunder Bay Flyers (ushl)
How many different college/junior/club teams provided a player to the Washington Capitals NHL Team?
How many different nationalities do the players of New Jersey Devils come from?
What's Dorain Anneck's pick number?
What is the nationality of the player from Vancouver Canucks?
What's the pick number of the player from Springfield Olympics (Nejhl)?
When were the ships launched that were laid down on september 1, 1964?
List the # for ships commissioned on december 18, 1965.
List the # for ships commissioned on september 30, 1967.
When were ships laid down that were commissioned on october 29, 1965?
 What could a spanish coronel be addressed as in the commonwealth military?
Give me a list of all spanish officer titles that could receive recognition as group captain in english
If you are a pilot officer in the commonwealth then what will you called as in the US air force?
If you're a major general in the US air force then what ranking will you receive in the commonwealth's air force?
If you get a ranking as major in the  english military then what would the spanish military address you as? 
Which wrestlers have had 2 reigns?
In terms of reigns, what is the lowest number listed?
What rank was Bryan Danielson in this chart?
How many combined days did Go Shiozaki have?
What was Go Shiozaki's rank?
Which province is grey and bell electorate in
Which province is bay of islands in
what is the total number of total w–l where doubles w–l is 11–11
what is the total number of singles w–l where doubles w–l is 11–14
 what's the total w–l where player is boro jovanović category:articles with hcards
what is the maximum ties played where player is josip palada category:articles with hcards
what is the total number of ties played where total w–l is 38–24
What is the Frequency at the Market/Rank of Burlington - Plattsburgh , Vermont - New York /143?
What is the Branding for Group Owner Qantam of Cape Cod, LLC?
What Branding does WRKO calls use?
What is the Format for Branding of 1290 wkbk w281au 104.1?
Which Market/Rank is associated with WCRN calls?
Which Frequency is used for WEGP calls?
What is the regulated retail price for the tariff code ff0 prs?
What is the premium associated with tariff code g9?
How many tariff codes have a bts retail price of 2p/min or inclusive?
How many tariff codes have a bts retail price of 2.553p/min?
What prefixes are priced at pence per minute, fixed at all times with a premium of 3p/min?
What is the bts retail price (regulated) for tariff code g10?
What is the tone for gen.sing. plague?
What is the smallest possible radius?
What are all the spectral types for star mismis24-# is 1sw?
If a radius is 10, what  is the lowest possible mass?
What percentage of seats were filled in 2006?
How many hours were flown in each of the years where more than 64379058.0 kilometers were flown?
Of the years that had exactly 17096 departures, what is the greatest number of aircraft kilometers flown?
Which winning team beat the New York Yankees?
What was the final score for the game that was contested on February 1, 2009?
What sport had a final score of 3-2?
Who was the winning team of the game that was contested on February 1, 2009?
Who was the losing team of the game that was contested on February 1, 2004?
what's the minimum total with crop (kilotonnes) being s lupin
what's the new south wales with crop (kilotonnes) being canola
what's the total number of south australia with victoria value of 2173
what's the minimum tasmania value
what's the total number of tasmania with new south wales crop of 190 kilotonnes
How many significant relationships list Will as a virtue?
Which examples ask the existential question "Can I Love?"
How many countries got 796.7 points?
In what group stage were 177.2 points awarded?
What is the lowest group to earn 886.6 points?
How many countries earned 177.2 points?
If % lunsford is 51.82% what is the % mcconnell in Letcher?
What country had the total 18,900 (r)?
When % mcconnell is 44.54% what are the total number of counties?
If % mcconnell is 47.17% what is the total number of mcconnell ?
What is the county of precints 515?
Which city has a capacity of 41903?
What is the maximum capacity of the Otkrytie Arena stadium?
When did the stadium where Bursaspor is the tenant open?
How many tenants are there in the city of Samsun?
what's the original air date with title  "hell"
What is the percentage of the Shivalik Zone where the percentage of the Mid-Hill Zone is 10%?
For mid-hill zone  what is the altitude?
What are the climatic conditions for the trance- n himalaya zone?
What is the percentage of the  trance- n himalaya zone that corresponds with the high hill zone is 25%?
What is the state of Ted Stevens?
What's the standard of the country who won its first title in 1992?
What's the smallest number of players?
In what year was the last last title received, by any of the countries?
What religious groups made up 0.72% of the Indian population in 2001?
What is the original air date for episode 15 of season 6?
How many episodes in season 6 titles "Poppin' Tags"?
Which podiums did the Williams team have with a margin of defeat of 2?
How many drivers on the williams team had a margin of defeat of 2?
How many seasons was clay regazzoni the driver?
Which margin of defeats had points of 30?
Which podiums did the alfa romeo team have?
What was the percent of slovenes 1951 for bach?
What college's team is the Saskatchewan Roughriders?
What position did Calvin Mccarty play?
How many people were pick #30?
What college did Calvin McCarty play at?
What college had a LB in the draft?
Who got high assists for the game played on February 9?
Which lava domes erupted or had a growth episode during the Holocene period?
What is the composition at Valles lava dome?
How many countries are the Tata Sabaya Lava domes located in?
What countries have had eruptions of growth episodes in 1986?
Who is the lyricist for the song with a length of 3:05?
What song has a length of 3:05?
Which lyricist has a song with a length of 6:14?
What is the highest track number?
Which song has picturization by only vijay?
For which singers was Alangudi Somu the lyricist?
What publishers were involved with product number SCUS-97265?
What is the total number of James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing for each system?
How many products have the title "Jak 3"?
Which James Bond 007: Agent Under Fire from Electronic Arts is compatible with 60 gb pal/80 gb NTSC PS3 (CECHC/CECHE)?
What publishers produce product number SLUS-20265?
How many titles have the product number SCUS-97330?
What is  the status when livery is blue?
What is the location when the status is in service as coaching stock?
What was the first season of the club who last won a title in 2012?
What was the first season of the club that in 2012 was 2nd in Superettan?
What was the first season for the club that in 2012 was 2nd in Superettan?
How many series are named "Lockdown"?
Who directed the second episode of "The Homecoming" which was written by Tommy Thompson?
What was the latest episode of "House of Cards"?
What percentage of The Bronx voters occured when Manhattan had 29.9% of voters?
What number of voters did the Bronx have when the total number was 2054?
What number of voters did Queens have when Staten Island had 295 voters?
What was Staten Island when Brooklyn was 940?
What was the total number in Manhattan when Staten Island was 12,658?
What was the total in Brooklyn when Manhattan was 3,139?
Who was the republican candidate in 2013 when Staten Island was 451?
What was the amount in Staten Island when The Bronx was 1,281?
The candidate who received 133 votes in the Bronx won what percentage overall?
Which candidate won 88 votes in Queens in 1921?
How many votes in Brooklyn were won by the candidate who won 321 votes in Manhattan?
The man who received 87,676 votes in Queens won what percentage of the total for the election?
How many parties received 29.9% of the vote in Manhattan?
Name the most late 1943 with late 194 in slovenia
What is the least september 1943 when late 1943 is 78000
What is the late 1941 when 1978 veteran membership is 20000
What was Eric Dickerson's longest run?
How many attempts did Charles White make?
How many yards did the player with 87 attempts rush?
What was the highest amount of people that attended the elgin city team?
The firs park stadium had the lowest average attendence of what?
What was the lowest highest attendance for the dumbarton team?
The gayfield park stadium had a highest attendance of what?
The stenhousemuir team had how many highest attendances?
what's the premiere with hk viewers of 2.09 million
what is the minimum rank
What is the minimum capacity of Dundee United's stadium?
Which stadiums have a capacity of 51082?
How many stadiums are there with a capacity of 7500?
What is Pittodrie Stadium's maximum capacity?
Which stadiums have an average attendance of 13840?
What are the highest recorded attendance rates of the stadiums with an average attendance of 4752?
What is the highest number of ties?
During the 2013 debut, what is the w-I(total) number?
What is the catalog number named callanetics: 10 years younger in 10 hours
how many studios have the catalog number "cal03 / 0091037137333"?
what is the format of "callanetics: 10 years younger in 10 hours"?
What is the catalog number of the title called "super callanetics"?
how many titles have the name "quick callanetics"?
Who creates the catalog with the number "cal03 / 0091037137333"?
What was the rating for the episode with 1.83 viewers (millions)?
What was the # for the episode "the birthday present"?
What was the # for the episode "the wedding"?
What is the rating for the episode in which the 18-49 rating is 0.4?
What was the share for the episode with the air date december 10, 2008?
Which premiere had languages in danish?
What was the number of channels in New Zealand?
What is the premiere where the host is lieke van lexmond dennis weening?
What is the premiere on the mega channel?
What is the symbol for Windpower in China?
who were the winners in west virginia
tell the final for lindsey graham
who won the senate seat in arkansas
What is the dysart of the principal?
What is williow canyon of Roberta Lockhart?
What is the willow canyon of Stallion?
Name the Valley Vista of Anthony Capuano
How many informations does Michael Hawkins have?
How many total rounds did Damon Hill come in First Place?
Who drove the winning car constructed by Jordan - Mugen-Honda?
Which Grand Prix was won by a car constructed by Jordan - Mugen-Honda?
Which location belongs to the website, http://www.mudgeerabasoccer.com/?
The president, peter williamson, had how many home grounds?
How many head coaches are there for the website, http://www.burleighbulldogs.org/?
The head coach, steve radoslavic, is related to which websites?
Who is the driver of the european grand prix?
What is the report for round 3?
What is the winning driver of round 7?
Name the grand prix with a driver of Michael Schumacher and a round of 7?
Which round was the winning constructor was Benetton - Ford and in the Pole Position was Damon Hill?
How many Grand Prix were the winning constructor Benetton - Ford and the pole position was Michael Schumacher?
Who was the winning driver in round 6?
Who was the winning driver in the grand prix at Pacific Grand Prix?
Who was the winning driver when the grand Prix was at Belgian Grand Prix?
Who was the winning driver when the pole position was held by Ayrton Senna and the Fastest lap was Michael Schumacher?
On which date was the winning driver Alain Prost and and had Damon Hill in the pole position?
Which round was the Spanish Grand Prix?
What was the record at week 7
How many teams did they play week 6
What is the number of reports for the italian grand prix?
What is the pole position of the belgian grand prix?
What is the pole position of paul ricard?
What is the report of the united states grand prix west?
Where is the German Grand Prix?
What is the constructor of the Swedish Grand Prix?
Who did the fastest lap at Watkins glen?
What circuit has a race called ii cape south easter trophy.
Which driver won the i race of champions?
What is the report for the race that Mike Spence won.
What is the report for the race i sunday mirror trophy?
How many winners did I Dessau Autobahnspinne have?
What is the date on which a race was run at Halle-Saale-Schleife circuit?
How many races take place in Dessau circuit?
Which races did Paul Greifzu win?
Which driver won at the Sachsenring circuit?
Which constructor was present at the Redex Trophy race?
How many different constructors had Paul Thiel as a winning driver?
 who is the opponent where tv is abc and game site is tampa stadium
what is the total number of opponent where date is november 23, 1980
what is the total number of kickoff [a ] where week is week
 what's the week where attendance is 77,098
 what's the record where attendance is 61,350
 what's the record where result is l 24-10
What date was the Silverstone circuit driven? 
When was the Albi circuit race driven? 
Would built the winning car in the IV J.C.C. Jersey Road Race? 
Who won the race at the Jersey circuit? 
When did the season air where the viewership was 14.71 million?
What tv season had a season finale of august 18, 2004?
What is the power capacity when the generators were 781?
What is the percentage of total capacity when the energy is 120.2?
What is the % of annual production of solar?
What is the number of generators where the power capicity is 78.7?
What is the % of total capacity when the generators is 4048?
Which model number has a GVM (kg) Technical Capacity of 16000 and a Torque Nm@rpm of 600 @ 1700?
If the model is  15.180e, what is the GVM (kg) Technical Capacity?
If the engine make/capacity is MWM 6.10 TCA-EURO III (Turbo Intercooler) and  GVM (kg) Technical Capacity is 23000, what is the Torque Nm@rpm?
What is the power kw@RPM of the 13.180 model?
When the transmission make/type/speed is eaton fs 5306-a manual synchromesh 6 speed, what is the value of the gcm (kg) technical capacity?
Which model possesses a transmission make/type/speed of eaton fs-6306 a manual synchromesh 6 speed?
Is drawing tablet support part of the semi-DDM class?
Is  usb re-enumeration required part of the emulated class?
Is wireless combo keyboard and mouse support part of the hub base class?
Is the drawing tablet support part of the DDM class?
Is  wireless combo keyboard and mouse support part of the DDM class?
What school or team does Al Jefferson play for?
Which forward player has the number 22?
What number does the player from Ohio play with?
During which years did player number 35 play for Jazz?
For driver Mark Skaife what is the result for race 1?
When was the game in Mexico played? 
What University has the acrronym of USF
What is the acronym used for Beirut Arab University?
What is the acronym for the school whose website is ul.edu.lb
Are there registration notes on usek.edu.lb?
What year was USF founded?
What is the tournament on Jul 11?
What is the tournament of aug 29?
How many prizes were there at the transamerica?
What is the sum of the largest purse?
When was the tournament in Washington held?
How many tournaments in Texas had a purse higher than 330105.1624276874?
What is the first season written by joseph hampton & dani renee?
How many air dates are there for production code 206?
What is the title for season 2?
What is the series number for the title "Bad Influence"
How many seasons was series number 47 shown?
When did the episode with production code 410 air?
What is the most series number with season 3?
What is the purse value for the New York location?
What is the largest 1st prize( $ ) at the South Carolina location?
What is the score for the Oregon location?
List all areas within 1000 km in the city of Lubelskie?
What is the population in the city of Pomorskie?
List all car plates in the capital of Wilno since the year of 1937.
List population when their car plates are 30-34.
How many points are there when the lost is 26?
WHAT TEAM CLASSIFIED IN THE STAGE WHERE BRADLEY WIGGINS WON THE POINTS CLASSIFICATION ?
IN WHAT STAGE DID ALEXANDER VINOKOUROV WON THE GENERAL CLASSIFICATION?
Name the average for spain delegate
Name the interview for peru delegate
Name the number of swimsuit for israel
What are the swimsuits for south africa?
Who were the MLB draft with the hometown Opa-locka, Fl?
How many players have the hometown Pennsauken, NJ?
Which position did the player from the hometown of Dallas, TX play?
What is the hometown of player Jason Place?
What school did the catcher attend?
What is Jay Bruce's hometown?
What school is he the catcher for?
WHAT HOMETOWN DOES HE PLAY AS THE CATCHER FOR?
WHAT POSITION DOES HE PLAY FOR AT WEST BROOK SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL?
WHAT TOWN IS WEST BROOK SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL FROM?
What position did the player from Jersey City, New Jersey play? 
What offensive line player hailed from Baton Rouge, Louisiana?
What is Jeremy Hill's hometown?
How many offensive line players played for a college in Alabama?
How many players attended Hillcrest High School?
Where was the hometown for the player that attended Shanley High School?
Which player went to the college Southern California?
Which college did the player attend that went to Mission Viejo High School?
How many players hometown was Cincinnati, Ohio?
Which player's hometown was Pewaukee, Wisconsin?
How many players' hometown was Akron, Ohio?
Which player is from Utah?
Which player is from Saguaro High School?
Which player is from Joliet Catholic HIgh School?
Which school did the player then go to Auburn?
What is the hometown of trinity high school?
What position did the kid from loganville, georgia play
Where is longview high school
Where did robert nkemdiche ‡ go to college
Where is friendship collegiate charter school located
Who had an evening gown score of 9.78?
How many interviews were there for Miss Virginia?
Who had a swimsuit score of 9.87?
Who had evening gown score of 9.82?
How many ladies scored a 9.89 for the evening gown?
Who scored a 9.72 in the swimsuit?
What episode was writted by John A. Norris?
How many episodes did David Jackson write and direct?
What player attended Loyola Marymount?
How may times did a player that attended Iowa state appear on the all time roster?
What height was the player that played for the Rockets between 1992-93?
How many times did a center that attended Oral Roberts play for the Rockets?
What was the player name who came from Australia?
What is the height in ft for the rockets from 1973-78?
Which players were number 3?
What is the height in ft for number 42 for the rockets in 1993-94?
What are the players that attented long beach state?
what is the total amount of players for the rockets in 1998 only?
What is the area (square km) where the arrondissement is millau?
How many communes have the chief town as dijon?
How many communes when the arrondissement is cosne-cours-sur-loire?
 what's the engine where builder is gloucester rcw and withdrawn is 1959
 what's the engine where number range is 8–9, 13–16
 what's the introduced where notes is 9 withdrawn in 1946 after fire
 what's the builder where withdrawn is 1954–1958
 what's the notes where number range is 17
 what's the notes where withdrawn is 1956–57
Who was the lyricist for gopal krishna and co singer of solo?
What was the number of music directors where the suresh wadkar co singer of bhayanak?
What was the lyricst of "na jane aise ho gaya kaise"?
how many times is the co-singer suresh wadkar and the film name is tera dukh mera dukh?
what are the film names with the co-singer vinod rathod?
what is the song name for the film name ganga kare insaaf?
what are the song names for the film kaal bhairav?
who is the music director for the song "jekhanete jaai ami 1"?
What was the 1845 disposal for sussex?
What was the maximum l&cr number for archimedes?
What was the type of sussex?
Where did Test Mission: War Heads and Missile Payload launch when there was a partial failure?
Which missions were scheduled to launch on November 16, 2006?
Which authority has a rocket launch called rehbar-ii?
Which authority has a rocket launch called rehnuma-8?
Which authority has a rocket launch called shahpar-2?
Which authority has a rocket launch called rehbar-5?
What denominations are the stamps with themes opera, léopold simoneau and pierrette alarie?
What kind of paper were the stamps with the theme duck decoys, barrow's golden eye printed on?
List all the themes designed by Isabelle Toussaint.
How many paper types did Ian Drolet design stamps on?
Who is the designer of the Christmas: Winter Fun (USA) stamp?
How many stamps were designed for the theme of XII Summit de la Francophonie?
Where is the first day cover cancellation for the 3 April 2008 IIHF World Championships, Quebec City stamp?
How many premier episodes were there with the title survivor's law ii?
What is the Chinese name that has a 31 average?
What is the rank of finale 37?
what is the Chinese name for Forensic heroes ii?
What numbr on the list had a peak rating of 42?
 what's the electorate where election date is 16 cannot handle non-empty timestamp argument!
 what's the province where member is frederick merriman category:articles with hcards
 what's the election date where electorate is omata
 what's the election date where member is william richmond category:articles with hcards
 what's the province where member is dingley brittin category:articles with hcards
 what's the election date where electorate is christchurch country
What is the county for senator C. Anthony Muse?
Who is the senator for district 24?
How many entries are shown for first elected for district 41?
What is the total amount of allied-unrelated where the component is human capital?
How many integrated allied-related are there?
What is the name of the integrated where the component are customers?
what is the integrated in which the holding allied-unrelated is many?
What is the name of the integrated where allied-related is shared?
Who were the writers for series number 20?
What is the production code for the show that aired on October 27, 1994?
Who was the director of the Series 1 episode?
Which team played on December 5?
What was the location attendance when High points was by Pierce (22)?
What date did the Bulls play the LA Lakers?
What team were the Bulls hosted by on December 7?
Who had the highest assists in game 4?
How many games was Damien Wilkins (27) the high scorer?
What is the name when born is december 30, 1957 detroit, mi?
What is the weight(lbs) when born is april 6, 1954 detroit, mi?
What is the name when the position is de and college is ohio state?
What is under drafted when pro team is arizona cardinals?
What is the position when drafted is 1974,r11,p11?
In which year was the Weight 170?
What number (#) is associated with the Name Ron Baxter?
Crockett High School had which number(#)?
Which home town was the high school Catholic University located in?
How many years have the home town of Baton Rouge, LA?
What height was the forward position at Crockett High School?
What are the commissioned for scotts, greenock and chieftain?
What is the builder launched 30 october 1944?
what is the minimum voted no where percent no is 56.6
 what's the percent yes where voted yes is 2410119
 what's the jurisdiction where percent yes is 43.4
what is the minimum voted yes where percent no is 68.2
 what's the jurisdiction where voted no is 322971
 what's the date of completion where success is yes
 what's the deadline for completion where description is iphone recall within the first 3 months of release
 what's the success where date of completion is september 28, 2007
 what's the date of completion where deadline for completion is september 30, 2007
what is the total number of deadline for completion where description is facebook becomes a publicly traded company
 what's the success where deadline for completion is october 7, 2007
The earliest year is 1996.
There are 5 imports of plywood.
What is the score for interview when the preliminaries score is 8.425?
What is the interview score when the preliminaries score is 8.400?
What is the score for swimsuit when the average is 8.791?
What is the score for the interview for the state of New York?
How many times did district of Columbia receive a score for evening gown?
What is the average score when the swimsuit score is 8.503?
What is the number of gt1 winning team for rnd 5?
What is the rnd for gt1 winning team for doc bundy andy wallace?
Name the gt1 winning team for #54 bell motorsports
What is the title of the episode that was watched by 8.92 million viewers?
How many episodes had 9.90 million viewers?
What is the series number of the episode watched by 10.89 million viewers?
What is the name of the episode written by Sheila Lawrence & Henry Alonso Myers?
What is the pick number of the defensive back?
What is the position for the pick number 17?
What is the college of the afl team of buffalo bills?
What is the position of john charles?
What is the largest pick number of the new york jets?
What is the afl team of the offensive guard?
What was the women's singles were men's doubles were steen fladberg jens peter nierhoff?
What are the mixed doubles where the mens singles is kim brodersen?
 what's the first appearance where character(s) is iron man
what is the total number of publisher where cover date is may 1939
what is the total number of publisher where first appearance is daredevil #1
 what's the cover date where character(s) is sandman (wesley dodds)
 what's the cover date where character(s) is x-men ; magneto
 what's the estimated value where cover date is august 1962
What theme placed as #3 in the finale?
What is the theme for the episode selection process?
What is the order number for the song choice "detalles"? 
What is the order number for songs by the original artist Luis Fonsi?
What is the song choice when the theme is not aired?
What years did Markose Bristow Madhumita Bisht win the mens singles and/or the mixed doubles?
Who won the womens doubles in 2002?
How many total titles did Rupesh Kumar Sanave Thomas and Jwala Gutta Ashwini Ponnappa win total?
In womens doubles and mens singles, what years did Arvind Bhat or Valiyaveetil Diju Jwala Gutta win?
How many titles did Trupti Murgunde claim?
What is the pennant for 4 may 1943?
What is the total number of fate for pennant of u33?
What is the fate for 11 april 1944?
What is the name for 30 september 1943?
What is the comissioned for 4 may 1943?
What is the fate for 11 april 1944?
Who was the writters for the episode directed by Richard L. Bare, no. 8 in season?
How many episodes had a title "the great mayoralty campaign"?
What is the location of the tournament that the share of winning is 7000?
What year is Japan the country?
What is the year that Dewi Claire Schreefel is the champion?
What is the winners Share ($) in the year 2004?
What is the tournament location when Vicky Hurst in the champion?
What is the intergiro classification of stage 21?
What is the trofeo fast team on stage 8?
What is the general classification with the winner being evgeni berzin?
What is the intergiro classification of alexander gontchenkov?
what is total number of points where the stage is 17?
What is the status of channel 44.1?
What station has a univision network affiliation?
How many season did sportfreunde siegen win best supported club?
what are all the Canadian air dates where the u.s. air date is may 1, 2009
What is the total number of u.s. air dates with a title of "dermabrasion"
What is the maximum season # with a u.s. air date is may 1, 2009
What is the total number of title with a u.s. air date of April 17, 2009
what is the minimum production code
what are the u.s. air dates with a Canadian air date of may 4, 2009
Which is the charity that the background of the celebrity is heavyweight champion?
What is the original team of the celebrity who had the result 08 fired in week 10 (2008-03-06)
Which celebrity was raised 03?
What is the charity of the celebrity with the background reality star?
What is the background of the celebrity who had the result 13 the celebrity apprentice (2008-03-27)?
Where is Tamunosiki Atorudibo from
Where is Dwain Chambers from
What was the stats of Trinidad and Tobago
Name the total number of wind m/s for sunday emmanuel
Name the wind m/s and fastest time of 10.25 and jeff demps
What is the club when 1st leg is 1–2?
What is the competition when aggregate is 1–4?
What is the 1st leg when club is a.c. libertas?
What is the 1st leg when 2nd leg is 1–0 and competition is uefa champions league?
What is the competition when 2nd leg is 0–8?
What is the round when 1st leg is 0–1?
What is the branding of metro manila?
When was the institution of Kansas city Kansas community college founded?
What is the mascot for the instition of Kansas city Kansas community college?
How many school colors is there for the main campus location of highland?
What is the mascot for the school founded in 1923 with the school colors of blue, red & white?
What is the instition where the main campus location is overland park?
What is the name of the institution with the mascot of blue devils?
Name the people who wrote number 67
Name the number of season that was written by adam milch
Name the season number for the direction of patrick norris
Who wrote the episode when the director was dean white?
Please list the total number of title with the production code 211.
What is the production code of the episode titled, "But there's Clay"?
Please give me the title of Season 2, episode 1. 
Provide me with the name of the writer with the production code 210. 
What is the number of the original airdate with the production code 208.
What size is a 30 frames per minute
What is the size when the frame is bigger than for 4096.0
What is the smallest frames per minute when the pixels are 5.0
what's the width with frame size being 4.5k
What is the callsign of tuguegarao
What is the station type of calbayog
What is the station type of smni tv-26 naga
How many places featured the DXCL Callsign?
What was the branding in Dagupan?
What was the callsign in Zamboanga?
How much power was used when the callsign was DZYT?
What is the name of Season #15?
What is the series number for Season #18?
What was the first series in this list that Jack Orman wrote?
What date did the episode called "Responsible Parties" air on?
What is the name of the episode that Richard Thorpe directed?
Name the population of maryborough when population of woocoo is 2700
Name the most year when population of woocoo is 2700
Who was crew chief for the team owned by Bob Leavine?
Who drove for team Circle Sport?
Who drove for Phil Parsons Racing team?
Which teams used Wally Rogers as their crew chief?
What is the largest number of rounds for the team that hired Donnie Wingo as crew chief?
What is the percent change (1990–2000) when the 2007 estimate is 0 1,598,161?
What is the 2007 estimate when the rank (csa) is 4
What is the 2007 estimate for tulsa-bartlesville, ok csa?
How many times was the rank (csa) was (msa 348)?
What is the rank (csa) for the percentage change (1990-2000) was a034 +8.71%?
What tourmament has Genesis won previously?
Who was the champion prior to Xix Xavant?
Who are the champions that have won at Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico?
What's the English translation of the Japanese title of the game Ranma ½: Chougi Rambuhen?
What's the genre of Fever Ranma ½: Hot Springs Athletic Chapter?
When was the game developed by Microvision released?
What's the number of verbal nouns with the basic stem (root) -bil-?
What does the non-present stem -erama- mean?
What's the participle when the verbal noun is i-bil-tze?
What does the basic stem (root) -rama- mean?
What is the verbal noun connected to the participle e-duki?
what is the tries against where points is 60?
How many losing bonus where there when points against is 439?
what is the drawn when the won is 12?
What is the tries against when the won is 14?
How many tries for are for 473 points for?
what is the points for when the played is 22 and tries against is 68?
what's the loss with try bonus being 5 and points for being 390
what's the win with points for being 376
what's the loss with points for being 594
what's the tries against with tries for being 47
what's the won with club being ammanford rfc
 how many drawn with tries against being 24
What were the drawn with points against at 416?
What was the amount won with tries against at 54?
What was the lost with tries for?
What was the points againt when played is played?
What was the tries for with tries against at 33?
What was the played with club tumble rfc?
What consoles was Shenmue released on?
Which main developer made their first release in 1991 and created the Mega Drive/Genesis console?
How many players currently play for Barons Riga?
How tall was Player #10?
What is the earliest any of these players were born?
Which player number is 2.10 meters tall?
What position was played by the player who was 2.12 meters tall?
What current conference is Post University a member of?
What institution has the nickname Penmen?
Where is the University at Albany located?
What's the classification of the institution nicknamed Dolphins?
What's the nickname of the University of Massachusetts Lowell (UMass Lowell)?
What is Ido Kozikaro's position?
What player plays center?
What are the numbers of the players currently playing for Ironi Nahariya?
What player is 2.01 m tall?
What's Yotam Halperin's position?
What current club does the player born in 1984 play for?
What is the height for player number 5?
What height is player number 9?
WHat is the number for the player whose height is 2.01?
What year was the player with the height 2.04 born?
How many players wore number 8?
What player was born in 1983?
What club does the player who is 1.97 m tall play for?
How many players are from energa czarni?
What year was Robert Skibniewski born?
What No is the player Zoran Erceg
What is the iclandic of the glossary for presenta for mi locaria
Name the english translation of giefdu mier socka bond
Name the english translation of 219
Name the incelandic of the glossary for 218
What's the type of printer ports in the model number EX Plus3?
What is the number of the model with three parallel printer ports?
What is the type of the printer ports included in the EX Plus3 model number?
What are the network protocols for the model that has been discontinued in favor of the EN1700?
How many people live in  铅山县?
What is the traditional way to write the name of the district who's area is 2331?
What is the capital of the district who's simplified name is  信州区?
How many people live in the district who's capital is  héngfēng xiàn?
What is the density of yushan county?
How many gold medals does the Choctawhatchee High School have?
How many gold medals does each school who has a total of 1 medal have?
What is the time for stage ss18?
Name the length for stage ss22
What is the number of leg for ss17
What is the leg for c. atkinson
What's the smallest number of bronze medals that any one if the ensembles has? 
What is the rev of the 2003-2004 Mustang Cobra?
What is the rev for all of the  Aston Martin applications?
What is the 3rd ratio for tag number 1386-000-017 and input splines of 26?
What is the 2nd ratio of 1996-2002 Dodge Viper?
What application has a 6th ratio of 0.50:1 and 350 as a torque rating?
Whose address of operation was the Echirax Concession? 
When was the operation in Field 103 executed? 
In what country is the El Hamada area of operation? 
Name the champion for 3rd place being 4 and 2nd place being larger than 4.0
What is the total number for 3rd place for ducati xerox?
Who is J.E. Armstrong when W.H. Archer is D.M. Lawson?
What are the fa.brill when w.h. archer is known as r. newman?
Who is h.l birkett if w.h. archer is r. cochrane?
Who is h.t. brewer when j.e. armstrong is a.j. wilson?
Who is h.t. brewer when je armstrong is c.p. greeks?
When did the part 1 of the episode "Anxiety" air?
What was the air date of part 2 of the episode whose part 1 was aired on January 31, 2008?
What's the name of the episode whose part 3 aired on February 7, 2008?
What's the episode number of "Anxiety"?
What's the air date of part 1 of the episode whose part 2 aired on December 2, 2007?
How many part 6 parts are there in the episode number 5?
Name the record with opponent atlanta falcons
Name the number of opponent with arrowhead stadium
Name the date with the record of 1-0
Name the record for september 15, 1985
How many of the episodes were titled "Guerillas in the Mist"?
What's the series number of the episode that's written by Elizabeth Devine?
When was the episode directed by Carey Meyer aired for the first time?
Who is the writer of the episode called "Ambush" (part 1)?
who is the the office with incumbent being ramon r. jimenez, jr.
 how many office with department being department of justice kagawaran ng katarungan
what's the department with acronym being deped (ked)
what's the department with incumbent being enrique ona
what's the acronym with department being department of finance kagawaran ng pananalapi
When did the episode "Hell bent for leather" originally air?
What's the season number of the episode titled "Quitters"?
What's the season number of the episode watched by 0.57 million US viewers?
How many episodes were seen by 0.67 million US viewers on their original air dates?
What episode was directed by David Duchovny?
How much is the purse ( $ ) when the margin of victory is 1 stroke?
What is the number of "to par" in Mexico with a winning score of 67-67-69-70=273?
what's the 3rd day with 4th day being rowed-over
what's the 3rd day with finbeingh position being 16th
 how many 1st day with 3rd day being bumped st. catharine's
 how many 3rd day with 2nd day being bumped by magdalene
what's the 4th day with 3rd day being bumped by downing
what is the maximum year with 3rd day being rowed-over
what are all the result for New York 6 district
Who were the candidates when gregory w. meeks was the incumbent
what are all the result for New York 16 district
what are all the result for New York 7 district
What party was Kevin Brady?
What district has Ron Paul?
What party does jim ramstad represent?
What year was incumbent jim ramstad first elected?
What was the result when incumbent gil gutknecht ran?
When was the incumbent Sherrod Brown first elected? 
What was the result of the election in which the incumbent was first elected in 1984?
Which incumbent was first elected in 1972? 
Tony P. Hall was the incumbent in the race between what two candidates? 
In which district is the incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur? 
What is the earliest year where the result of the election was a retired republican hold?
What party is thomas foglietta from?
who is the the opponent with district being ohio12
what's the party with opponent being mike oxley (r) unopposed
what's the party with opponent being marcy kaptur (d) 75.3% randy whitman (r) 24.7%
what's the party with opponent being deborah pryce (r) 70.7% bill buckel (d) 29.1%
 how many status with first elected being 1968
what's the first elected with opponent being ralph regula (r) 75.0% j. michael finn (d) 25.0%
What district first elected in 1978?
What district was incumbent Jerry Kleczka in?
How many districts had results related to incumbent Toby Roth?
Who were the candidates in district Wisconsin 1?
Name the district of lawrence j. smith
Name the incumbent for 1954
What party was Lane Evans?
What district had elections in 1964?
Who was Henry Hyde's opponent in the race?
What Republican incumbent was elected in 1974?
what's party with result being retired to run for u. s. senate republican hold
what's result with incumbent being connie mack
what's district with candidates being lawrence j. smith (d) 69.4% joseph smith (r) 30.6%
what's incumbent with district being florida 5
what's result of first elected being 1980
How many parties is Tom Foley a member of?
What was the result of the election in the district whose incumbent is Tom Foley?
How many results have the two candidates Gene Taylor (r) 67.0% Ken Young (d) 33.0%?
Which candidates are from the Missouri 3 district?
What is the result for barney frank?
What is the number of results for james shannon?
What is the minimum first elected for ed markey?
What was the result of the election featuring ike skelton?
What district is incumbent ike skelton from?
What year was ike skelton first elected?
what is the district where the result is re-elected and the incumbent is richard kelly?
what is the district where the candidates are charles edward bennett (d) unopposed?
who are the candidates where the incumbent is sam m. gibbons?
how many times was the candidates dan mica (d) 55.3% bill james (r) 44.7%?
what was the result where the candidates are sam m. gibbons (d) unopposed?
who is the incumbent where the district is florida 9?
What is Phil Crane, democrat or republican 
What year was Frank Annunzio elected
How many districts does Ed Jones represent?
What's the year of the first election of the district whose incumbent is Edwin E. Willis?
What district is F. Edward Hebert the incumbent in?
Who were the candidates in the district whose incumbent is Joe Waggonner?
What's the district that Otto Passman is the incumbent of?
What is the district that has a republican?
What party is incumbent thomas j. lane from?
What is the last year that someone is first elected in this table?
 how many party with candidates being alton lennon (d) 89.0% c. dana malpass (r) 11.0%
 how many first elected with district being north carolina 2
what's the incumbent with district being north carolina 6
what's the party with incumbent being herbert covington bonner
what's the district with incumbent being lawrence h. fountain
what's the candidates with party being democratic and dbeingtrict being north carolina 1
What was the result of the election of incumbent john shelley?
What candidates ran in the election that included john shelley?
What was the result of the election of the incumbent clyde doyle?
What was the result of the election in california 2?
What was the result of the election of the incumbent harry r. sheppard?
What party did Frank J. Becker represent?
What number of party had a candidate  resigned when appointed judge democratic hold?
What district did incumbent Ralph A. Gamble represent?
Who is the incumbent candidate in the election of percy priest (d) 90.8% robert m. donihi (r) 9.2%?
What district is tom j. murray from?
What candidates were in the election when james patrick sutton was incumbent?
What district has Albert Rains as their representative?
Carl Elliott is a member of which party?
How many were first elected when the incumbent was Morgan M. Moulder?
In what year was Phil J. Welch first elected?
What party was Dewey Short associated with?
What party was Dewey Short associated with?
What is the district with Republican party in place?
Who ran for office in the Alabama 1 district?
What year was first elected william m. wheeler (d) unopposed?
What district does  incumbent  james c. davis represent?
What district is incumbent melvin price from?
What district is incumbent sid simpson from?
Who was the candidate in the election in the Tennessee 9 district? 
When was the Tennessee 3 district incumbent first elected? 
What district was Harold Earthman the incumbent in? 
Name the result for new york 1
Name the first elected for lost renomination democratic loss
How many results have Jere Cooper as incumbent?
Who won the election of 1942 in the district Illinois 13?
Who ran for the House in the 1924 election?
What year was Stephen Pace elected?
How many incumbents were elected in the 1926 election?
Who were the candidates when Noble Jones Gregory was incumbent?
What is the district for harry lane englebright?
What is the result for california 2?
What is the party for richard j. welch?
How many winners were there in the race of 1922
Who was the incumbent when henry e. barbour ran?
 how many party with incumbent being whitmell p. martin
who is the the candidates with incumbent being james o'connor
 how many incumbent with first elected being 1924
Name the incumbent for kentucky 9
Name the party or first elected is 1920
What is the candidates for first elected 1914
What was the result of the election for incumbent Cordell Hull?
Cordell Hull is the incumbent in how many districts?
What was the total number of votes for Tom Connally
What year was incumbent william f. stevenson first elected?
What is the last year on this list someone was first elected?
What candidate was featured in the election for incumbent samuel j. nicholls' seat?
What is the last year incumbent frederick h. dominick was first elected?
Who were the candidates when the winner was first elected in 1910?
What was the winning party when the incumbent was richard s. whaley?
How many different set of candidates were there when the incumbent was david e. finley?
What was the winning part in the district of South Carolina 3?
Who were the candidates in the district of South Carolina 5?
When was incumbent John N. Tillman first elected?
What was the location and attendance when the team's record was 16-44?
What day was the game at chicago?
Who were the high point scorers in game 7?
Who had the high rebound total against golden state?
how many times have there been helps by damon stoudamire (13)
who made the recovers where the score is 12-30
tell who made the most scores on new jersey
how many times was the participation at omni coliseum 7,194?
The minimum average number of dancers is 34.1 how many times
What is the Number of dances is 11 and competition finish is larger than 2.0 total
Who is the club that has 30 points?
What were all the tries for when the try bonus was 8?
What were the points for when there were 30 tries against?
How many numbers were recorded points against  when the tries were for 43?
What are the tries against  when points against 287?
What were all the points for Tonyrefail RFC?
Pink cytoplasm is seen in a test that specifically stains what?
How many cytoplasms result in a blue nucleus?
A nucleus that is blue/black will specifically stain what?
The pink cytoplasm will have a nucleus of what color?
What stain is used commonly for elastic fibers?
where is hte second place winner from united kingdom?
how many locations has spain as the winner?
who is the artist performing at heineken music hall?
what amount has spain as second place and the language is russian?
how many Curtiss XBTC aircraft are retired?
How many Airspeed Fleet Shadower aircraft are retired?
What is the origin of aircraft in service in 1943 and retired in 1954?
Who was the winner when the time was 1:24.00?
How many results were there for the Stan Fox Stakes race?
Was the rosehill venue a win or loss?
what is the minimum total with kerry % being 16.71%
what is the minimum kerry # with bush % being 78.40%
what's the kerry # with county being ness county, kansas
 how many total with bush # being 1552
what is the minimum bush # with kerry # being 3938
 how many total with county being rooks county, kansas
In which district was the incumbent Dick Saslaw? 
What was the 2007 result in the district where the incumbent was elected in 1996? 
What was the 2007 result in the 28th district? 
In what district was the incumbent Charles Hawkins? 
What's the number of the game played on March 26?
How many different values if the number is high rebounds can be found for the game on March 13?
Who ihad the highest points and what was the number when the record was 11-40?
Who did the Raptors play when their record was 45-36? 
What number game of the season was played on April 12? 
How many votes were cast in Wayne county?
In the county where Bush won 77.76%, how many total votes were cast?
In the country where Bush won 4333 votes, what percentage did other receive?
Who was the TO winning team when the TU winning team was Joe Richardson? 
On what circuit was the GTU winning team #59 Brumos Porsche - Audi in round 5? 
Who was the GTU winning team when the TO winning team was #3 Camaro? 
Who was the GTU winning team when the TO winning team was Steve Ross? 
Who was the GTO winning team in round 5 when the GTU winning team was #59 Brumos Porsche - Audi? 
Who was the GTO winning team when the TO winning team was #84 Camaro? 
Name the results for steve millen
What is the most rnd for watkins glen?
What was the GTP winning team in the round in Portland during which Jack Baldwin become part of the GTU winning team? 
What us the number of the round during which #56 Blue Thunder Racing become the GTP winning team and #38 Mandeville Auto Tech became the GTO winning team? 
How many different results came out of the round in which #98 All American Racers became the GTU winning team? 
Who was the GTO winner of the round that ended with Chris Cord becoming the GTU winner? 
what are all the uu-usu score with winner is #5 brigham young (2–0)
what is the maximum season with byu-usu score being 29–7
what is the maximum season with byu-uu score being 20–17 byu #19
 how many byu-uu score with winner being utah state (2–1) won over byu by media vote
what's the byu-uu score with uu-usu score being 44–16
What are all the languages for tsotsi?
What year featured the film tsotsi?
What was the result for the film life, above all?
What numer pick in the draft for jerry hill?
What kicker was drafted?
What team drafted steve scifres?
What year was jerry marion drafted?
What numer pick in the draft for jerry marion
what's the record with high points being dwyane wade (27) and location attendance being arco arena
 how many high assists with record being 15-11
who had high points on december 3
who had high rebounds when score is w 111–92 (ot)
who had all the high rebounds when high assists is by dwyane wade (9)
what's the record with date being december 29
What is the smallest population recorded back in 2002?
what's the position with artbeingt being jim reeves
what's the highest position with artbeingt being frankie avalon
 how many artbeingt with song title being " save the last dance for me "
what's the song title with artbeingt being pat boone
what is the minimum highest position with artbeingt being paul evans
Who was responsible and what was the number for the high rebounds on December 22?
What is the record where the score is w 102–81 (ot)?
Who had the high points dated march 13?
Who had the most high points and rebounds than charles oakley (9)?
who is the the incumbent with opponent being anthony weiner (d) unopposed
who is the the incumbent with opponent being peter king (r) 56.0% david mejias (d) 44.0%
what's the district with party being republican and elected being 1998
what is the minimum district with incumbent being tom reynolds
what's the status with incumbent being eliot engel
Name the number of women's doubles for 1986
what was the lowest numbers for the winner gregory w. meeks
What is the frequency of the model whose part number is ado520biaa5do? 
When's the release date of the model with part number adh485biaa5do? 
What is the HT value of threw Athlon x2 5200b model? 
How many different frequencies does the model with part number ado540biaa5do? 
what portion of the Middle East is Hindu?
What is the highest number where the portion of observers is 0.163%?
What is the entire inhabitants in Southeast Asia?
what is the minimum average with highest being 2363
what is the minimum lowest with highest being 2363
what's the team with stadium being glebe park
What's the production code of the episode with a series number 37b? 
On what date did the episode with a series number 31, with a story written by William Reiss, air for the first time? 
When did the episode with season number 10b air for the first time? 
When did the episode with series number 29a originally air? 
How many episodes have been directed and written by Darrick Bachman and Brett Varon? 
What is the population density in the Brighton area?
How many people live in the area of Sorell according to the Census of 2011?
what is the number of area where the county is marsabit?
what is the code of population census 2009 is 1356301?
What's the tries against count of the team with 396 points against? 
How many points does the club with a try bonus of 10 have? 
What's the tries for count for the team with 70 points? 
How many clubs have a try bonus value of 5?
What's the losing bonus count for the club with 9 won games? 
How many tries for does Pontardawe RFC have? 
How many home wins occured win the road games are larger than 3.0 but road win percentage is .000?
How many numbers were recorded when the home win percentage .667?
How many home losses occured when PF 13?
How many home games were there with the road win pct was .167?
How many copoes per particle are created in the segment that forms inner shell of the core?
How many copies per particle are created by the enterotoxin?
How many base pairs are there if the molecular weight is 102?
How many copies per particle are there for the base pair that is size 1059?
what is the minimum attendance with stadium being cotton bowl
what's the opponent with stadium being jeppesen stadium
what's the stadium with record being 1–1
 how many attendance with stadium being cotton bowl
what's the result with opponent being at oakland raiders
what is the minimum attendance with record being 4–6
What's Yurchikhin Fyodor Yurchikhin's number? 
How long was the walk numbered at 17?
How many agencies did Budarin Nikolai Budarin working for? 
What is the total EVAs of the walk that lasted 45:34?
How many different total EVAs are there for the walk that lasted 45:34?
What agency does Anderson Clayton Anderson work for? 
what's the year with change being +8.0%
what's the domestic freight with change being +8.0%
what is the maximum international mail with total freight and mail being 145044
The results for gt2 winning team is all lars-erik nielsen allan simonsen richard westbrook. 
Jos verstappen jeroen bleekemolen is on Imp2 winning team where all are rnd.
what is the minimum population with canton being redange
 how many canton with commune being waldbillig
What is the arrival time of greenbat
Which number has Engine Shed as the location
What is the name with the builder of Kerr Stuart
Who is the builder for the location Irton Road shed
Whats the status of the trains at location Museum
How many are named River Esk
timothy truman worked on what dates
timothy truman worked on what books
elaine lee worked on how many issues
what's the regionalliga nord with regionalliga süd being 1. fc nuremberg spvgg greuther fürth
what's the season with regionalliga nord being vfb oldenburg
what's the regionalliga nord with regionalliga west/südwest being fc gütersloh rot-weiß essen
what's the season with regionalliga west/südwest being arminia bielefeld
what's the regionalliga west/südwest with regionalliga süd being stuttgarter kickers
When Spencer is the county  what is total of the population (2010) (rank)? 
When Vincennes is the county seat what is the area sq mi (km 2 ) (rank) ?
When the  area sq mi (km 2 ) (rank) is sqmi (km2) (5) what is the  population (2010) (rank)?
When the % of boundary by water is 63% what is the overall number of zip code prefix(es)?
When Spencer is the county what is the  in no.?
Name the oberliga hessen for sv sandhausen and fsv salmrohr
Name the oberliga for where tsv 1860 munich and borussia neunkirchen
Name the oberliga sudwest for spvgg unterhaching for 1988-89
Name the season for spvgg bayreuth and fsv salmrohr
Name the oberliga bayern for sv sandhausen for 1986-87
During the quarter of 2012 Q2, how many millions of Blackberry OS phones where shipped when 0.1 million others were shipped?
During the quarter 2012 Q4, how many millions of android phones were shipped?
How many million of windows phones were shipped during the quarter that shipped 216.2 million total?
How many total smartphones were shipped during the quarter 2012 Q1?
How many millions of Blackberry OS smartphones were shipped when 10.4 million Symbian smartphones were shipped?
How man "other" millions of smartphones were shipped when 181.1 million total were shipped?
What is the load bearing capacity when the name is Camelus Dromedarius
What is the division for the year 2006?
What was the playoff result for the team name of bay area seals
Where did the team finish in the season when the playoff result was divisional finals.
What is the playoff result when the league is USISL and the regular season record is 1st, pacific.
How many divisions have been won when the playoff result is conference quarterfinals.
What was the lowest home attendance for the southern derby?
What was the result when the team had contested 14 home games?
What was the result when the team was 4-1?
picturesque and trekking route is the category what is the height from sea level in meters?
If extremely adventures is the category what is the height from sea level in meters?
if 22km is the trekking route what is  height from sea level in meters?
If the place is hemkunt sahib what is the category?
What is the density in places where the 2011 census gives a population of 5402?
What is the area in kilometers squared the population density is 137.61?
How many places according to the 2011 census of whatever population have an area of 132.79 kilometers squared?
How many places of whatever size have a 2007 population estimation of 7996?
What is the 3utr sequence when the genbank id is hq021437? 
What is the coding for hq021442 genbankid?
What is the 3'utr sequence with a variant id of ad'6a 4?
What is the 3'utr sequence with a variant id of acd'6a 3?
Who is the director of the episode that corresponds to the total episodes number 14? 
What's the title of the episode that Rob Heyland wrote? 
What number from the total number of episodes is the episode written by Julian Unthank?
How many touchdowns did Redden score?
What was the most extra points?
What position did the player who scored 4 extra points play?
How many points where scored by the right end?
How many Games Started are there for Hugh White ?
How many entries are there for Class for the player Everett Sweeley?
How many entries are there for class when the prior experience is shasta h.s.
What is hugh white's weight?
What is the weight for the player who is 6' 2"?
How many field goals did Walter Shaw make?
How many field goals were made by the person with 100 points in total?
How many touchdowns were made by the person with 7 extra points?
How many touchdowns did Albert Herrnstein make?
How many touchdowns did Bruce Shorts make?
How many players made 4 touchdowns?
Name all the players for fullback
Name the position for shorts
Which player made 4 touchdowns while playing left halfback?
Which left end player made the most points?
What is the least amount of points made by Herrnstein?
What is the least amount of field goals made by a player?
Which position did Redden play?
What is the least amount of extra points made in by a player?
What is the previous experience of the player from East Jordan, Michigan?
What was the class of the player who played right tackle?
How many players are from Sioux City, Iowa?
Where is George W. Gregory from?
What was George W. Gregory's class?
what is the maximum number of points?
was herb graver a starter?
Which player scored 14 touchdowns?
How many points did Duncan Thompson score?
What is the highest number of extra points?
What players played the position of left tackle?
How many field goals were made by someone playing position of right end?
Which players have made a total of 12 extra points?
Which positions have made 4 touchdowns?
When the total points are 22 how many total touchdowns have been made?
How many points were scored by someone who's position was right tackle?
What is the least amount of touchdowns scored on the chart?
How many points were scored by Rolla Bigelow?
How many touchdowns were scored by players who scored more than 5.0 extra points?
What is the lowest amount of field goals on the chart? 
Name the least points for patrick
Name the starter for schulte
Name the total number of points for the right end
Name the number of players when starter is no and touchdowns is 1 for right halfback
What was the series number of the episode directed by Rob Bailey?
Name the timeslot for season 5
What is the area of Colonsay Island?
How many ties were there for game 36 started?
What is the winning pct for jersey 15?
Who is the quarter back for a winning pct of .792
How many lost games for jersey number 2 and games started is less than 7.0?
Name the total number of date of vacancy for manner of departure being resigned and outgoing manager is geninho
Who led the points classification when Roman Kreuziger led the young rider classification?
Who won the stage when Fumiyuki Beppu won the combativity award?
Who won stage 18?
Who won the stage when Mark Cavendish led the points classification, Rinaldo Nocentini led the general classification, and the stage was less than 11.0?
Name the 1st m for nor
Name the 2nd for 1st m being 124.5
Name the 2nd m for gregor schlierenzauer
Name the number of overall nt points for 248.9
How many times has the playoff been 1 in the contest for the afc cup?
How many times has the points total for the afc cup competion been 289?
When the group stage has been 4 what is the largest playoff?
What is the date the successor was seated for the georgia 6th district?
How many successors are from the georgia 2nd district?
Show all the time(et) where the opponent is the Cincinnati Bengals.
List the total number of records from Lambeau Field.
Who was the opposing team played at Riverfront Stadium?
How many days were the Kansas City Chiefs the opposing team?
How many teams named argentina?
How many times did argentina win?
What is the number of s sikh where 955 is the number of buddhists?
How many buddhists are where s jain have 941?
What is the christian amount where work participation rate is the composition?
How many s hindu are where buddhists are 955?
What is the data point for s hindu where the buddhist data point is 73.0%?
How many data points for chrstians are 39.7?
Name the hometown for ventrell jenkins
Name the class when position is rt
Which players college is Tennessee?
What college did Byron Williams attend?
What is the lowest pick number?
What position is Jessie Clark?
What frequency does Chihuahua Sinaloa Durango cover?
How many times does the call sign XEZV appear?
What languages are spoken when call sign XEJAM is used?
Who shot an 80 in round 3
What is the highest score of round 1 where they also shot 90 in round 2
What position did Dave Johnson play?
What is Bernie Germain's nationality?
What player was picked by the Minnesota North Stars?
What position did Marty Gateman play?
What was the position of the player picked by the Montreal Canadiens?
the california golden seals that where drafted by nhl teams played what positions
what country was the player drafted by the toronto maple leafs
The los angeles kings drafted what player in the 7th round
How many players had been drafted in front of Yves archambault
Serge Beaudoin was drafted when in the 1972 NHL draft
What NHL team drafted Rob Palmer?
What player was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks?
What country did Derek Black come from?
What team did Derek Black Play for prior to being drafted?
At maximum, what are our goals?
When the team scored 17 and Slavija placed second, what year was it?
Name the change 2009 to 2010 where international tourist arrivals is 9.4 million
Name the international tourist arrivals for arrivals 2011 for 8.1 million
How many tourist arrivals occurred in 2011 in the country of Italy?
Which country has a rank of 5?
What rank is associated with Germany?
Name the number of ranks for international tourist arrivals being 6.2 million
Name the number of ranks for south korea
What is the minimum stolen ends for the locale Alberta?
What locale has Suzanne Gaudet as skip?
What locale has the skip Colleen Jones?
What was the inroductory phase for the episode with production code 4005?
What was the inroductory phase for the episode with neil shubin as a guest?
What was the inroductory phase for the episode that originally aired january 21?
How many series had 18.77 million viewers?
How many roles include George Broderick in the casino 1888 theater?
What is the total of roles that George Olmi plays in Savoy & Casino Theatre 1888?
Who plays Overton Moyle in casino theatre 1888 & savoy theatre 1906?
Name the losses for general caballero zc
Name the most draws when wins is 3
Name the number of played for 16
Name the population 1891 for area being 175836
Name the administrative county being area of 422372
Name the area for administrative county being flintshire
Name the number of administrative county for area 1961 and 176694
How many couples won the Mixed Doubles in 1997?
Name the number of week for game site being memorial stadium for buffalo bills
Name the opponent for october 2, 1983
Name the least week for september 25, 1983
Name the total number of weeks for at cleveland browns
Name the record for result of  l 17–50
what's the record with result being w 52–19
 how many result with opponent being cleveland browns
what's the result with opponent being at new england patriots
what's the record with result being w 21–7
what's the date with attendance being 40657
Name the attendance for september 19, 1976
Name the number of record when attendance is 44023
Name the least week for september 19, 1976
Name the record when attendance 42827
Name the date when week is 9
What year was taxidermia nominated? 
Who is the director for diary for my loves?
Was diary for my loves nominated?
Who is the director for the witman boys?
Name the game site for december 12, 1965
Name the total number of game sites for chicago bears
Name the result for november 14, 1965
Where was the game against Atlanta Falcons held?
What date was week 2?
Name the place of the jury of 5
Name the jury of 10 points
Name the artist of 2 draw
Name the least draw for elena dermidjean
What was the competition when there was no competition for mens doubles?
Who won the mixed doubles in 1998?
How many colleges did the player picked 57 attend?
How many heights does chad henne have?
Name the recopa sudamericana 1992 for did not qualify for libertadores 1992 and round of 16 for bragantino
Name the copa libertadores 1992 for round of 16 and team of fluminense
Name the team for copa conmebol 1992 is round of 16
What league were they in in 2009?
What was the playoff result when they finished 5th, north in the regular sesason?
Which player's results were T6 in the PGA Ch., T4 in the Masters and T8 at the U.S. Open?
What is the result at the Masters for the player who finished R16 at the PGA Ch.?
What was the player's result at the U.S. Open of the player who finished 6th at the Open Ch?
The Rainbow District School Board is associated with what type?
Where are all school boards associated with a number of elementary schools of 96?
Which headquarters are associated with the school board Renfrew County Catholic District School Board?
What is the swimsuit score for the item that has 7.61 as evening gown
Which province got a swimsuit score of 8.43
Which province has evening gown score of 7.61
How many averages for the province with evening gown score of 8.00
How many provinces have evening gown score of 8.49
which electorate is 54787 of the constituency
in electorate of 83850 what is the minimum s split vote
What is the lead percentage when the socialist is at 35.5%?
What was the margin of victory at the Hawaiian Open tournament?
What was the margin of victory at the Mercedes Championships?
Name the tfl-yds for no-yds 1-0
Name the solo when name is briggs, diyral
Name the gp for ff being 0 and qbh being 1
When the division is Division 2 men what is the champion score?
Name the least spirou
Name the home team when away team is kilmarnock
Name the least attendance
Kitchen knives is segment a of what episode? 
When segment b is dining room tables what is segment d?
When marshmallow cookies is segment b what episode is it on netflix?
When cardboard boxes is segment c what is segment a?
Name the number of episodes for s hacksaw
Name the number of series episode for s piston
Name the segment c for paint rollers
Name the segment a for 8-08
Name the segment b for graphite s fly rod
Who won the race at Magny-Cours
Which round was the circuit Assen
How many people won in No. 12
Which countries won by 9 strokes?
What purses had a winners share equal to $428650?
At what venues did Lorena Ochoa win the championship?
What episode number is presented by Ben Okri ?
What was the UK broadcast date for the episode presented by Buck Henry?
What is the input clock (mhz) for s-spec number sk096?
What is the voltage range (v) if the clock multiplier is 3x or 2x mode and part number is a80486dx4wb-100?
What is the part number for s-spec number sk096?
What is the clock multiplier if the voltage range (v) is 3.3 - 3.6; input clock (mhz) is 33 x 3 / 50 x 2; and part number is a80486dx4-100?
What is the processor speed (mhz) for part number a80486dx4-75?
Tell me the least amount of democratic colation
What is the least amount of league of communists where municipality is mojkovac
How many league of communists have the municipality of bar?
How many league of communists have the people's party at 7?
Name the poles for 2011
Name the rdiers for jir team scot motogp
Name the class for makoto tamada and races is 17
Name the most wins
Which college did Dean Kirkland go to
Which player went to Pittsburg State
Who was the highest pick
Who was the highest picked defensive end
How many players named Dean Kirkland were picked
How many metropolitan boroughs have dorridge as a station?
How many people used Bloxwich North station in 2006-2007?
Name all the stations in 2006-2007 who had 109200 users.
What's the biggest zone?
What stations had 183000 users in 2006-2007?
What is the mass of the element with a nuclide that is 169 tm?
What is the total number of N for the element with nuclide of 141 pr?
What is the name of the element with isotopic mass of 158.925 34(2)?
The theme year they were born belongs to what artist?
How many songs were sung by queen?
Name the glass bulb color for ordinary
Name the most ceiling temperature for intermediate
Name the most ceiling temperature for very extra high
When did the playoffs reached Conference Finals?
What was the regular season from year 2012?
Which teams had a difference of 8 between goals scored and goals conceeded
Which teams had 10 goals scored against them
What is the original air date for episode 17 in the season?
What is the original air date for the episode directed by Peter Woeste?
What is the title for episode number 7 in the season?
Who wrote the episode "Forever In A Day"?
Name the total number of number disc for jimmy kaufman
Name the minimum number disc for number in series for 14
Name the maximum number of disc for bill gereghty
Name the total number of length minutes for number in series for 17
What is the best finish where the scoring rank is 97?
What is the minimum number of wins?
How many different second members were there when John rudhale was first member?
What date was parliament assembled when John rudhale was first member?
Name the school/club team when season is 2009-2011
Name the name for san beda
Name the position for san beda
Name the name of the state
Namethe school team for season 2008
Nametheh school team for norman gonzales
Name the points for  pontrhydyfen rfc
Name the try bonus and tries for 30
Name the points for where lost is 4
Name the number when acquisition via far eastern
Name the season when the number is 9
Name the name for visayas
Name the school/club team for 9
What are all the schools that use the colors maroon and white
Middletown High School uses which colors
What league does the team with the nickname Cavaliers belong to
In what division will you find the team nicknamed the Silver Eagles
What league does Delaware Military Academy belong to
Name the number of districts for december 1799
Name the vacator for took seat being january 29, 1813
Name the most number of s eva
Name the total number of luna blastoff date for apollo 11
Name the mission name for 21 november 1969
Name the lunar landing site for 19 november 1969
Name the most number of s eva
Name the mission name for ocean of storms
What award did team 679 win?
How many teams are in Bridgewater, NJ, USA?
Which number belonged to the school team from Arizona?
What is the latest number of the guard position from the Wake Forest school team?
List all years in Orlando where Jeryl Sasser was a player.
WHAT WAS THE NUMBER OF THE ONLY FORWARD-CENTER TO MAKE THE ROSTER?
WHAT WAS THE JERSEY NUMBER OF THE ROSTER PLAYER FROM OKLAHOMA STATE WHO PLAYED GUARD?
WHO IS THE PLAYER(S) ON THE ROSTER FROM SCHOOL/CLUB TEAM ARIZONA?
What is the fleet size of the airline which has a callsign of cool red?
How large is the fleet size of the airline with the IATA code of 5j?
Which year did the Angeles City based airline begin operations?
When did the oldest airline start operations?
Where is the headquarters of the airline which has the ICAO code of AAU?
How much uranium did Russia use in 2006 to 2008?
Which country mines 24.0% of the world demand of uranium?
What is the deficit (-surplus) of the country who use 5.2% of the world demand of uranium?
What is the  indigenous mining production of the country that uses 3.4% of the world demand?
What is the deficit (-surplus) of France?
Name the pictorials when the interview subject is steve jobs
Name the 20 questions when centerfold model is cherie witter
Name the number of pictorials for 5-85
Name the centerfold model when interview subject is steve jobs
Which date contained Aubrey O'Day as the cover model?
Who were the cover models in the edition that included Benicio Del Toro as the interview subject?
How many cover models were on the edition that featured Jennifer Pershing as the centerfold?
What season number corresponds to series number 102?
What was the title when there were 14.39 million viewers?
Who was the writer when there were 15.85 million US viewers?
How many years did notre dame participate? 
When colgate is the team how many times did they place fourth?
When the team is lake superior state how many times did they place fourth?
When the team is yale what is max amount of times they placed fourth?
When the team is Toronto how many times did they place third?
What is the current streak against TCU?
What is the at Manhattan record against TCU?
What is the airdate when the director is george spenton-foster
Name the msot episode that was adapted by leon griffiths
Name the number of episodes for alan nourse
Which viewers have the language of troff (typesetter runoff) , groff (gnu runoff)?
Who is the creator when the view happens to gddm, afp viewer?
WHERE THE THEME WAS "YEAR THEY WERE BORN," WHAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF RESULTS?
WHAT IS THE RESULT FOR THE SONG WHERE THE ORIGINAL ARTIST IS BETTY EVERETT?
WHAT WAS HER SONG CHOICE WHEN THE WEEK WAS TOP 10?
WHERE THE WEEK NUMBER WAS TOP 8, WHAT WAS THE THEME?
What is the location and what is the attendance of game 38?
What was the games score on January 11?
What is the score of game 33?
Who had the most assist when the opponent was Cleveland?
What was the score of the game played on January 19?
What is the Raptors' record against New Jersey?
Name for the high rebounds when score is  w 105–91 (ot)
What is the order number for the theme of Mariah Carey?
Who is the original artist for the theme "Year they were born?"
What theme name has the original artist of Dolly Parton?
How many themes have the original artist of Judy Garland?
Who wrote the episode where the series number is 74?
What is the original airdate when the season number is 4?
When the season number is listed as 4 what is the original airdate?
What is the airdate when the title is "topsy turvy"?
What is the smallest number of European Parliament sets when the international affiliation is global greens, egp? 
How many categories of Senate Seats does Emile Roemer have? 
Name the least road wins
Name the pct for green bay packers
Name the road wins
Name the maximum mum  l is less than 6.0
Name the number of last appearance where team is san francisco 49ers
What is the highest value for race?
Which podiums have a final placing of 10th?
What is the total number of poles values in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup with a 10th final placing?
Name the total number of record for 27
Name the high assists for december 14
Name the high assists for delta center 19,639
Name the score for washington
Name the team for november 9
Name the most game for december 22
Name the score for december 28
What country has the Sky Calcio 2 tv service?
Does the sky calcio 6 hd have PPV?
Do the Sky Calcio 5 channels have PPV?
Name the country for sky primafila 7 hd
Name the number of package/option for sky primafila 24
Name the hdtv when number is 378
Name the hdtv for sky primafila 17
Name the television service when primafila hot club
Name the number for fox news channel
Name the dar for cinese
Name the language for fox business network
Name the package/option for giappone
Name the package/option for number being 543
Name the aspect ratio for 720
Name the number of horizontal when framerate hz is 25
Name the mccain % for dukes
Name the number of counties for obama votes for 49558
Name the number of others votes for when others % is 2.0%
Which series number had the production code of 116
Whats the title of the episode with production code 109
How many episodes were written by Jack Burditt & Robert Carlock
How many episodes had an original air date with 5.1 million viewers
Who wrote the episode that was directed by Dennie Gordon
What septembers are 17.1 in December? 
March 0.41 in July? 
What september has 10.35 in November? 
January 7.34 where is June ?
What December is 8.77 in January 
What is the genre for the hot fm station?
What is the frequency of hot fm?
What is the name of the station where the language is tamil malay?
Who operates the xfm station?
What is the language of the malacca fm station?
What is the station that is transmitted at 20 kw and has a frequency of 48 uhf?
How many stations have a 35 uhf frequency?
What are the site(s) for tv station 8tv?
What are the network(s) for tv1?
How many stations are transmitted on frequency 7 uhf?
What site(s) for tv station tv3?
Name the number of headphone class for sr100
Name what succeeded by for foam
Name the headphone model for succeeded by sr125
Name the driver matched db for joseph grado signature
At which stadiums was attendance total 79176?
how many times were points counted for fk prienai
what is the highest number of draws for sveikata kybartai
What are the total number of losses for the team who has conceded 22?
What is the amount of points for the team with 13 wins?
How many draws did švyturys Klaipėda have?
What position did the team with 3 losses finish?
How many points did piritas klaipėda get?
How many wins did the team with 42 points get?
How many total goals were scored in games where goals conceded was 35?
What is the fewest number of games played?
How many games were lost when the goals scored was 37?
What type of government does Kyrgyzstan have?
How economically free is the country of Armenia?
How much freedom can did the people of Guinea experience in 2013?
How many freedom indices does the country of Austria have?
How many times was the incumbent elected in Washington 4 district?
What is the status of the district where the result is 63% 37%?
Who are the candidates in Washington 1 district?
How many groups of candidates are there in there in the district where the incumbent is Doc Hastings?
What is the highest number of Counties carries?
How many state delegates did Candidate Mitt Romney have?
Candidate John Mccain had how many delegates?
What's the percentage when the state delegate is 1662?
What series was sorted at number 3?
What was the doctor for sorted series 6eb/b?
What was the doctor when the author was Gary Hopkins category:articles with hcards?
Name the municpality for 57 populaton
Name the population for sørvágur
Name the minimum inhabitants for markatal 49
Is the team force india allowed to race?
How many events have a time of 1:48.322?
How many years have a time of 1:42.086?
Which college did Leon Perry attend?
What is the NFL team for the player who's college was Norfolk State?
Which player was pick number 150?
What college did the defensive back attend?
What is the NFL team for the player who's college was North Carolina?
What is the pick number for the player Garry Lewis?
What is the home team that played on M.C.G. grounds?
What was the home team score when Brisbane lions was the home team?
When was the game played on Manuka Oval?
What was the score for the home team when the away team was Sydney?
On what date was the home team score 17.12 (114)?
Where did the team play when the home team score was 12.9 (81)?
What were the home team scores at york park?
How many locations were there when sydney was the home team?
What were the home team scores when carlton was the home team?
What were all the away teams when the crowd was 13304?
Name the least established
Name the air date france for "poussières d'étoiles"
Name the french title for english title of "inventor bunnies"
Name the most official number for tf1 # being 42
Name the air date france for "la pêche au trésor"
Name the original beechwood bunny tale for "l'expédition glaciale"
What was the nickname Established in 2002?
What school location had an enrollment of 12400?
How many teams were established at University of Maryland?
what is the enrollment for the Cavaliers?
What is the smallest number of enrolled students?
What is the debut album for the artist with the winning song kemenangan hati?
How many winning songs were there with an english title of all for love?
How many winners had a debut album titled "mike"?
What is the winning song for the artist with a debut album "the winner"?
What is the winning song for the artist with a debut album "mike"?
How many debut albums did mike mohede have?
If oblast\age is Komis in Nenetskiy Ao, what is the total number of 65 to 69?
If 65 to 69 is 2417, what is the minimum of 25 to 29?
What is the minimum of 25 to 29?
What is the minimum if 40 to 44?
If 70+ is 4562, what is 18 to 19?
If 50 to 54 is 2119, what is the total number of c/w 15+?
What vfl club(s) did players who played 23 cfl games play for?
What locations did sid o'neill play football?
What vfl club(s) for players ranked sergeant, 8th brigade australian field artillery at time of death?
How many players named paddy rowan?
How many numbers were recorde under 50s when there was 2 matches?
What was the score when Donald Bradman in 9 innings?
What is the highest number of matches?
How many numbers were recorded under matches with Arthur Morris?
How many teams were there with a high score of 143?
How many titles does Episode 2 have
What is the title of Episode #2
How many directors did Episode #3 have
What position is the player drafted with pick 34?
How many colleges did the player drafted at 36 attend?
How many colleges did Jon Gott attend?
Where did Dante Luciani attend college?
What teak was Brady Browne drafted onto?
Who was the writer of the episode number in series 4?
What is the number in series for the episode titled "Kevin's Big Score"?
Who was the writer of the episode titled "Pier Pressure"?
What is the original air date for the episode written by Bob Goodman?
Name the number air date for 14.20 us viewers
Name the directed by for 15.15 viewers
Name the number of giants points for opponents being 31
Name the most attendance for giants points of 10
What is the distance for jockey Kent Desormeaux on 6/7/08?
At 1:48.16 what was the number of track time?
With a date of 8/3/08, what was the length of the victory margin?
On what date did the opponents win with 17 points? 
What record was reached when the Eagles played the Phoenix Cardinals? 
How many times in 1984 did the Falcons play the Los Angeles Rams?
In 1984, Did the Falcons have a win or loss against the New Orleans Saints?
Did the Falcons have a win or loss in the game when their record was 3-7?
what is the attendance where the game site is kingdome?
what date is the opponent is chicago bears?
What team has draft picks from Mississippi?
How many positions drafted players from Washington?
How many draft picks are there at the Defensive End position?
How many draft picks are there at the linebacker position?
What draft pick was Chris Brewer?
How many losses did the Michigan State Spartans have?
How many numbers were recorded under home losses when away losses were 6?
How many wins did the Northwestern Wildcats?
What institution had 6 wins and a current streak of won 2?
Who are all the opponents of Slovakia?
What is the name of the round against the opponents jesse huta galung peter wessels?
Are there SPI on the number 7 cylinder?
What is the minimum number of bypass ports listed?
Is there a tapered grind on the Surestart engine?
How many bypass boosters are there on the engine with slit exhaust ports and SPI is yes?
What is the date administered where Saxby Chambliss is 54% and Jim Martin is 36%?
How many times did Saxby Chambliss have a lead margin of 21?
Name the least tries for when w is 4
What is the total points when the point difference is +119?
What is the points for when the total points is 6?
What club has 693 points for?
How many wins does the club with 565 points for have?
How many losses does Cross Keys RFC have?
How many losses does the club with 539 points for have?
How many hectars of land is in Kaxholmen?
How many codes have a population of 598 in Vellinge Municipality?
Which urban area has the code 4870?
How many people live in an area of 30.94 hectares?
How many hectares of land area is Landsbro?
Name the total with one hand clean and jerk is 87.5 and snatch is 87.5
Name the snatch when body weight is 73.7
Name the 3 where weightlifter is m. van der goten ( bel )
What are Wells Fargo's assets?
Which company had profits of 26.9?
Which company has a market value of 147.4?
Which company has profits of 26.9?
When the assets are 2,550, what is the Market Value?
What are the assets for company who's headquarters are located in Brazil?
Name the population density when barangay is tiptip
Name the least population 2007 for barangay is poblacion ii
Name the score for philadelphia flyers 
Nam the opponent for prudential center
Name the location for 15046 attendance
How many people attended the Edmonton Oilers game?
How many points were made in game 70?
Who was the opponent in the game where 19041 people attended?
How many records were made on March 27, 2009?
What was the score on March 21, 2009?
Name the date for margalita chakhnashvili salome devidze
Name the most points for independiente
Name the average is 1991-92 is 39
Name the original air date of 1/2 in season
Name the original air date for number in season being 13
Namee the title for production code for 4014
Name the title for number in season 9
Name who wrote the episode that had 7.56 million viewers
Name the wins for best finish being 2nd
Name the most earnings for money list rank being 143
Nme the most cuts made for wins being 0
Name the wins for tournaments played being 14
Against which team was game 21?
Which season had the "grumpy old bees" episodes?
How many episodes were named "Dogcatcher in the Rye"?
Name the replaced by where date of vacancy is 31 december 2008 where position in table is 1st
Name the replaced by for position in table is 1st
Name the position in table for 1 july 2008 when manner of departure is resigned
Name the replaced by when outgoing manager is kent nielsen
Name the outgoing manager for position in table being 11th
Name the most  number of leitrim
Name the least yes for dublin south
Name the least votes for percent yes for 57.2
In how many game was the attendance at Staples Center 18,997? 
How many different games had David Lee (13) with High rebounds?
Which date did Chris Duhon (13) receive high assists?
Name the high rebounds for memphis
Name the team for chris duhon , nate robinson , david lee (3)
Name the most wins where position is 16th
Name the total number when avg start is 2000
Name the most poles
Name the indanapolis concerts for dr. alexandre manette
Name the brighton cast for jerry cruncher
Name the sarasota samantha sharpe
Name the indianapolis concerts for les minski
Name the brighton cast for andrew verala
Name the indianapolis concerts for paul baker
when the population was 1599, what was the census ranking?
What is the name of the parish where the area is 508.30?
at area 191.43 what is the total number of census ranking?
At census ranking 1,184 of 5,008, what was the minimum population?
at the area of 113.12, what was the population?
What is the status for Saint George? 
What is the area in km2 for Dufferin? 
How many areas are named West Isles? 
How many areas of 375.06 km 2 have a census ranking? 
What is the census ranking when the area is 78.67 ?
Who had high assists on March 15? 
What team played on March 20? 
How many times did Viorel Moldovan replaced a manager?
What was the date of vacancy when Viorel Moldovan replaced a manager?
Who replaced the manager on Team Cfr Cluj?
Who was the outgoing manager replaced by Marian Bucurescu?
What was the manner of departure of Nicolae Manea?
What was the score on game number 12?
What was the record when Canty (5) was the high assists?
How many players received high points where location/attendance was UIC Pavilion 6,304 respectively?
On what date did Canty (6) receive high assists?
Which game number had a location/attendance of US Airways Center 7,311 respectively?
On which date was the record 1-4?
What is the population in Westfield?
What is the Area KM 2 of the place that has a Census ranking of 1,016 of 5,008?
What is the Area KM 2 of the place that has a Census ranking of 1,608 of 5,008?
What is the Area KM 2 of Rothesay?
What's the official name of the place with an Area KM 2 of 295.07
What is the population of Cardwell?
Name the total number of status for eldon
Name the area km 2 for balmoral
What team(s) did they play on april 23?
What score(s) were recorded on april 28?
When galaxy angel aa is the title what was the series?
When  7 april 2001 to 29 september 2001 was aired in japan 2 how many titles were there?
When galaxy angel aa was the title was the us release date?
What comparable country has a national share of 1.08?
What is the national share of the country whose area is 148064 km^2?
What is the administrative division that has an area of 30 km^2?
What is the national share of Guizhou's administrative division?
What is the rank of the division with an area of 456800 sq mi?
What's the change over previous year as a whole in the period in which the change over same quarter the previous year was up 2.8%?
When was the percentage of trains arriving within 5 minutes of scheduled time 89.6%?
What's the change over same quarter the previous year in the period when the 89.6% of the trains arrive within 5 minutes of scheduled time (over three months)?
how many shire in the land of area in km 2 is 27.17
How many open era titles does the team with their first title in 1925 have?
Name the replacced by with ascoli
Name the team for mario somma
Name the date of appointment for ascoli
Name the manner of departure for elvio selighini
Name the date of vacancy for fabio brini
Name the outgoing manager for mantova
What is the San Antonio's team score?
Name the score for game 66
Name the record for score of l 77–80 (ot)
Name the high assists for houston
Name the score for game 63
How many poles did David Price Racing win?
Who started in 2008 with 0 points?
Which team started 2010?
What was the max points you when when you place 9th?
When the wins is 3, what is the maximum races?
Name the number of former wnba team for 2
Name the player for mercer
What is the record of wins and losses for Denver's ball club?
What was the location and the crowd attendance on December 9?
Who scored the most rebounds in game 64?
How many numbers were recorded for high points when the team played against Oklahoma City?
Name the high assists for  yi jianlian , brook lopez (7)
Name the location attendance for 20
Name the date for  l 92–103 (ot)
What was the record when the team played Boston?
What number game had a high assist of lebron james (7) and high point of lebron james (21)?
What is the lowest game number when the team is Houston? 
What was the date when Troy Murphy (15), got high rebounds? 
Who did the High Assists when Kevin Durant (28) took the High Points?
What is the score when the game took place on January 18?
How many games were played by team @ New Jersey?
how many times were high rebounds mehmet okur , paul millsap (6)
what is the score of the match with high points carlos boozer (20)
what is the high rebounds stat on april 11
who made highest rebounds on april 11
Who wrote season 10
Name who directed the episode by joe sachs and david zabel
What is every value for Points 2 when the value of won is 30?
What is the lowest value of Points 2 when the goal average is 1.50?
How many values of goal average 1 occur when the value of goals against is 92?
What is the highest value for Points 2 when the goal average 1 is 0.65?
How many dates had a final score of w 118-112?
What was the location and attendance at the game where the final score is w 118-112?
Who had the high rebounds in the game with a final score of w 140-108?
in what date was aired the first broacast of the episode 1x02
what is the name of the jeremy guest for the episode 1x01
what is the number of the episode where maria mcerlane where gramer guest
what is the name of the graemest guest of episode 1x03
what is the largest city where the population is 6620100?
what is the largest city where the province is eastern cape?
what is minimum area where the largest city is bloemfontein?
what is the numbe of provincial captial where the population is 1162900?
what is the number of provincial captial where the province is northern cape?
What is the IATA of the airport with 3848 traffic in 2010-11?
What is the airport with the IATA MEL?
What is the location of the airport that had a traffic of 3258 in 2009-10
If unknown is larger than 1.0, what is the maximum two year amount?
If two years is 159, what is the amount for one year?
If the year is 2010, what is the minimum amount of years 5-9?
If year 20-24 is 24, what is the amount for three years?
When "the telenovela" is the title how many series numbers are there?
When debra j. fisher & erica messer are the writers and the director is patrick norris what is the series number?
When there are  12.70 million u.s. viewers who is the director?
What is the number of theWhat is the number of the chapter that is called "breakthrough" "burēku surū" (ブレーク·スルー)?
Which is the number of the episode "rook gave" "rūku dīo" (デ デ ィ オ ー ル) which aired on July 14, 2003
What are the numbers of episodes that were broadcast on September 1, 2003
Which are dates of transmission in English of the title "takeback" "tēkubakku" (テークバック)
How many viewers did Episode #5 have?
How many share values are listed for the episode with a rating/share value of 2.6/8?
How many episodes were originally aired Saturday, May 30, 2009?
What is the rating of the episode with a rating/share of 0.9/4?
How many episodes aired Saturday, July 11, 2009
How many rating/share values does the episode aired on Saturday, May 9, 2009?
What was the percentage democrat Christine Gregoire was polling when the republican Dino Rossi was polling at 44% and the lead margin was 4?
How many polls show a result where democrat Christine Gregoire was polling at 50% and had a lead margin of 2?
How many subsidiaries of Postermobile Limited?
What activities does Clear Channel Entertainment Facilitation Limited engage in?
How many subsidiaries of company F M Media Limited?
How many subsidiaries are there of Postermobile Advertising Limited?
What is the largest number of holding companies?
How many companies have Postermobile Limited as a parent company?
Name the total number of league cup for mark roberts
Name the total number of league for 5
Name the maximum leagure for 0 scottish cup
Name the most challenge cup for damon gray
Name the league for paul paton
What was the original air date of this episode that was written by Debbie Sarjeant?
How many episodes did Julie Martin wrote for the show If every episode has its own production code?
Name the total number of series for april 26
Name the number of high rebounds for april 21
Name the number of location attendance for april 24
What is the name where the type is listed as free agent and  the country is ngr eng?
What is listed in p when the type is listed as free agent 1?
What is the end when moving from is listed as cary clarets?
What is the name of the country where moving from is listed as bristol city?
Name the number of duration for viewership of 5.46 million
Name the total number of episodes written by david cantor
Name the total number of original titles written by john sullivan and keith lindsay
Name the original title for 6.05 million viewership
Who took third-place when there were 4 total wins?
What is the total number of clubs when the runner-up was Liaoning Fushun?
Who was placed fourth when third was Beijing Guoan and the winner was Dalian Wanda and wins total was 4?
Who was placed third when the ruuner up was Guangzhou Apollo?
Who was placed third in 2001?
What is the census ranking for the Perth parish?
What is the minimum population of the parish with a 750.51 km area?
What is the census ranking of the Perth parish?
with the amount of tries at 89, how many win's were there?
For club Swansea Uplands RFC, what is the amount of tries against?
What is the total amount of points when the given won is 9?
With the given points of 51, what was the total number of the try bonus?
With the given loss of 4, what was the number of tries?
With the given points of 667, what was the number of tries against?
What is the largest number of episodes for a 1989 season dvd release? 
How many  dvd  titled "series 5" were released having a release date or a non available date in region 2?
Who are all the stage winners where the team classification is Caisse D'epargne?
What is every "directed by" when the title is "One To Go" (part 2)?
How many original air dates have U.S. Views (millions) of 19.49?
What is the lowest no. in series?
The opponent was the New York Jets on what week? 
Where was the December 12, 1965 game? 
How many attended game(s) against the boston patriots?
which examples are pronounced ɪs in american
which examples are pronounced et in australian
how many endings have american pronounciation əs
what are the endings of examples achilles, appendices, fæces
What is the callsign for the Cebu station?
What is the number of brand where the power is 5kw?
What is the callsign for the Cebu station?
What is the power of the Baguio station?
How many stations are called radyo5 101.9 news fm?
What is the church name for the church located in Kyrkjebø?
What is the sub-parish for the church names Høyanger Kyrkje?
What is the total number of churches built in 1916?
What is the total number of churches named Høyanger Kyrkje?
What is the church name located in Høyanger?
What is the location of the church when the church name is Ortnevik Kyrkje?
Name the total number for sub parish sokn for 1865
Name the location of the church for berle kyrkje
Name the location of the church for bremanger
Name the most year built for davik kyrkje
Who was the episode writer when the viewers reached 3.03 million in the US?
Who wrote the last episode (episode 15) of season 3?
How many episodes did Cliff Bole directed in season 3?
What is the record when the game was at the San Diego Stadium? 
How many results are there when the game was at the Atlanta-Fulton county stadium? 
What is the date of the game at Arrowhead Stadium? 
Where was the game where attendance was 51478?
Name the deployable military (2011, thousands for gdp nominal for 468539
Name the military expenditures for 2011 for romania
Name the population 2011 for luxembourg
Name the gdp nominal 2010 for defence expenditures 2011 162
Name the deployable military 2011 for denmark
Name the country for deployable military is 23
List total loses forh the tauras tauragė team.
List the number of goals scored to equal 58.
How many total reason for change are listed corresponding to the successor Leonard B. Jordan (r)?
What state had November 30, 1962 as the date of the successors formal installation?
How many vacant seats were filled by newcomer Joseph H. Bottum (r)?
What are the results of those elections for which Marcy Kaptur is the incumbent?
What are the results of the elections in which Ted Strickland is seeking re-election?
Who are all of the candidates in elections where Dennis Kucinich was a candidate?
Who were all the candidates in elections in which Steve Chabot was a candidate?
Who was treasurer in 2008?
What was the composition of the state assembly in 2008?
What's the series number of the episode with production code 329?
What's the production code of the episode titled "Got to get her out of my house"?
What's the production code of the episode titled "He ain't a hottie, he's my brother"?
What's the series number of the episode originally viewed by 4.1 million people and written by Douglas Lieblein?
What year was the winners vote 55.99%?
Which party won, when the trailing votes were 29.37%
When the trailing votes was 25.88% who was the trailing party?
How many years was the trailing votes 25.34%
When the winners votes were 50.54% who were the members of parliment?
How many millions of U.S. viewers watched the episode directed by Allison Liddi-Brown? 
What number episode in the season was titled "Dead on Arrival"?
What was the title of the episode that had 13.82 million U.S. viewers? 
What was the club that won 10 top division titles?
When did the club UNAM played the first season in top division?
When was the 'first season of current spell in top division' if the first season in top division is in 1964-65?
How many top division titles were won during the 'first season of current spell in top division' in 1979-80?
How many 'number of seasons in top division' were played if the 'first season in top division' games is in 1990-91?
How many 'number of season in Liga MX' were played if the 'first season of current spell in top division' is in 1962-63?
which chapter was Transmitted on wednesday if the episode of "363 the hangover part ii" was transmitted on monday? 
which episode was Transmitted on wednesday if the episode of "438 magic: the gathering mini masters tournament" was transmitted on thursday? 
which episode was Transmitted on friday if the episode of "414 insanely twisted shadow planet" was transmitted on tuesday? 
which episode was Transmitted on friday if the episode of "515 the adventures of tintin" was transmitted on monday? 
which episode was Transmitted on wednesday if the episode of "319 sucker punch" was transmitted on tuesday? 
which episode was Transmitted on wednesday if the episode of "307 vs." was transmitted on friday?  
Name the scoring average for best finsih being t35
Name the number of top 10s for scoring rank of 9
Name the cuts made for scoring rank is 3
How many are the total winners if 7 won the Men's Open?
How many won the Men's Open if the players are from Sweden?
How many are the total winners from South Korea?
When shaun maloney is the player what is the lowest p?
What is the highest amount of uefa champion leagues?
When koki mizuno is the player what is the lowest league cup?
When koki mizuno is the player how man positions are there?
What's the series number for the episode titled "Hunted"?
How many episodes by different writers were seen by 3.24 million people in the US?
How many different people directed the episode titled "Born under a bad sign"?
What's the season number of the episode viewed by 3.19 million people in the US?
Who's the writer of the episode seen by 3.25 million people in the US?
Who directed the episode seen by 3.93 million people in the US?
What venue is in Wantagh, New York?
How much do the tickets cost for August 7, 1987?
How many tickets are sold for the Carver-Hawkeye Arena? 
When 1462/63 was the elected what was the no.?
When 1472 was the elected when was the assembled?
How many different combinations of scores by individual judges were given to the contestant competing against Mukul Dev?
What was Kashmira Shah's position on August 14?
What was the total score / week of the contestant who placed in the bottom 2 on august 14?
What were the scores by the individual judges for Karanvir Bohra on August 13?
Name the total number of main contestants for safe position for tina parekh
Name the status for karanvir bohra and date performed being july 30
How tall is the contestant from Hato Mayor?
What is the province where the age of the contestant is 27?
Who weighed 135lbs that was in the same class as Treveor Grant (Lowry) at 119 lbs?
Who weighed 135lbs that was on the same team as Tallon Ricci (White Pine) at 103 lbs?
Who weighed 135 lbs that was on the same team as Doug Del Porto (Galena) at 125 lbs?
Which team included Tallon Ricci (White Pine) at 103 lbs?
When "car wars" is the title what is the air date?
When "c'est la vinnie" is the title what is the air date?
When "to live and die in brentwood" is the title what is the largest production code?
When joan tewkesbury is the director what is the number in seasons?
How many series did John Banas direct?
What is the original air date in series 360?
Who is the coach of the team in Leicester? 
What is the name of the team from Derbyshire county? 
Who is the captain of the Gloucestershire Gladiators? 
Who is the captain of the team in Southampton? 
Where is the team in Sussex county located? 
Who is the captain of the team in Essex county? 
there are in tobago species name helicops angulatus
are in tobago species liophis cobellus cobellus?
Which U.S. Acres episode with Garfield episode 1 has a date of disaster?
Which Garfield episode 1 is mind over Melvin?
Which Garfield episode 1 has Garfield episode 2 as the second penelope episode?
Which Garfield episode 2 is the pie-eyed piper?
Name the most ending with
Name the most ending with for peyalvar
Name the starting from  thiruvezhukkurrirukkai
Name the starting from amalanadhi piran
Why did the change happened in Massachusetts (2)?
How many different reasons are there for the change in Connecticut (3)?
When the ability to compromise is 13, what is background?
When the seq is 41, what is the ability to compromise?
When the ability is 32, what is the leadership ability?
When 25 are willing to take risks, what is the experts view?
Name who directed the episode that was viewed by 4.22 million
Name the title for production code 2t6908
Name the total number for number in series that got 3.62 viewers
Name the air date that chris long directed
Name the number of production code for 5.08
When 17.07 is the loa (metres) what is the type of yacht?
When 3 is the position what is the sail number?
When 3:15:28:24 is the  elapsed time d:hh:mm:ss  what is the type of yacht?
When aspect computing is the yacht what is the sail number?
When 6606 is the sail number what is the type of yacht?
When 5 is the position what is the state or country?
Name the least ansi code for 609 population 2010
Name the ansi code fore ashtabula
Name the land for ada
What was the position of the Atl. Colegiales team?
What was the position where the team scored 9 points?
How many player eliminated an opponent within the time frame of 32:32?
What was the styled used to defeat the opponent within the time frame of 32:32?
Who won the match when the winner used the Pedigree attack?
What was the elimination number of the fighter who fought within 27:27?
What was the elimination number of the fighter who fought within 26:15?
what is the longitude in 35.992 sqmi
how many townships where pop (2010) and ater is 0.818
what is the name of the townships with 32.222 land
how many lands with longitude of -100.895783 are?
how many geo id with 48.578664 are
what is the latitude in the township where wate is 0.288
how is called the township where the latitude is 47.377790
where the land is 35.990 what is the number of the geo id
Name the land where geo id is 3807717980
Name the latitude for deer lake
If the water square milage is 1.701, what is the land square milage?
In Cavalier County and the geo id is larger than 3801931620.0, what is the population?
If the population is 1858, what is the maximum ansi code?
If the longitude is -97.473110, what is the minimum geo id?
If the ansi code is 1036632, what is the name of the township?
If the land square milage is 10.950, what is the longitude?
What township is located at longitude -99.287270?
What is the longitude of the township at ANSI code 1759682?
How many square miles of water does the township at  latitude 48.064751 have?
What is the geo code of the township with ANSI code 1759243?
When santiago del estero is the hometown who is the contestant?
When belarus is the country what is the hometown?
When bahamas is the country what is the height in centimeters?
When finland is the country how many hometowns are there?
When johannesburg is the hometown who is the contestant?
When valora roucek is the contestant how many heights in centimeters are there?
Name the round 1 for team event
Name the number of semifinals for tt2
Name the 1/8 finals for round 1 n/a
Name the total number of round 3 for class tt1
Name the event for hans ruep
When 4 is the v-band what is the overall amount of ka-bands?
When 8.3 is the q-band what is the property?
When 5.5 is the l-band what is the v-band?
When 2 is the k-band what is the v-band?
When 2 is the ka-band how many properties are there?
When olympikus is the main sponsor who is the secondary sponsor?
When ale is the main sponsor who is the secondary sponsor?
When tim brasil brokers are the minor sponsors who is the kit manufacturer?
When batavo is the main sponsor and olympikus is the kit manufacturer who are the minor sponsors?
When 2011 is the period and olympikus is the kit manufacturer how many minor sponsors are there?
What season episode is written by neil thompson?
What was the original air for the 06-03-521 production code?
What episode number in the series aired on February 8, 2004?
In season 5 what episode number was production 06-03-519?
What was the minimum score for r2?
What country had a r3 at 72, by Larry Mize?
How many times did Fiji win r1?
How many figures are given for the Socialists in the case where the Social Democrats received 42.2%?
What date did the Green-Communists receive 5.7%?
If the PCT is 0.514, what was the minimum OTL?
What was the minimum OTL amount?
Name the least events for japan
Name the country for 22 events
Name the number of events for reset points being 98625
Name the number for fiji
Name the total number of points for number 6
What is the location that had a driver named Pierre de Caters?
Who is the constructor for the car driven by George Heath?
What is the total number of drivers who have cars constructed by Mercedes-Benz?
What is the location of the car that has a constructor of Lorraine-Dietrich?
How many times did Charles Jarrott report?
Who is the driver of the entry constructed by Mercedes-Benz?
What is the used (kb) when the graphics mode is 4?
If graphics mode is less than 1.0, what are the char cells?
What is the smallest converted value at number 19?
What is every previous class when the previous number is 61323?
What is every use for number 1?
Name the original title for the last metro
Name the film title for andré téchiné category:articles with hcards
Name the director for coup de torchon
Name the film titled for marcel camus category:articles with hcards
When cindy miranda is the name what is the home or representative town or province?
When nel rapiz is the name what is the status?
When day 8-36 is the duration what is the season?
When luz mcclinton is the name what is the season?
When yen galagnara is the name what is the highest total days in the pbb house?
How many match numbers have team europe listed as osku palermaa?
When osku palermaa is on the europe team how many match numbers are there?
When paul moor is on the europe team who is on the usa team?
Name the mountains classification for team columbia
Name the number of stage winners for team columbia
Name the mountains classification for alexander kristoff
How much is the other black population when the black African population is 37811?
Where are the london borough with the black caribbean population of 17974?
What is the rank of london borough in southwark?
What is the black caribbean population when the other black population is 2243?
What is the black caribbean population when the black African population is less than 10552.0?
What time slot had an adult rating of 0.6?
What season finale date has 2.02 million u.s. Viewers?
How many million u.s. Viewers watched season 1?
How many tv series had an adult rating of 1.2?
Where is the University that is also called Hawks?
Where is the University that is also called Owls?
How many University founded in 1863?
Where is the University that plays in the American Athletic Conference?
What is the affiliation of the University called Explorers?
What is the nickname of Drexel University?
What is the brand in Metro Manila?
What is the brand in Cabanatuan?
What is the power at the cebu station?
What is the frequency of 101.5 News FM?
Where is the frequency 102.3mhz and 5kw power?
Where is the frequency 92.3mhz?
What is the highest no.?
What is the q1+q2 time in which q1 is 1:18.574?
when q1 pos is 8 what is the q1+q2 time?
when the q1+q2 time was 2.34.736, what was the total pos number?
When the q1 time is 1:16.218 what is the highest q1 pos? 
What is the smallest 8-car sets if 4-car sets is 47?
What is the largest 6-car-sets for fiscal year 1968?
What is the lowest fiscal year if total vehicles is 490?
Name the degree for otorhinolaryngology
Name the total seats for otorhinolaryngology
Name the recognised seats for pharmacology
Name the total number of seats for general surgery
Name the least recognised seats
How many nations do the FMS international team represent?
What is the smallest number of fastest laps listed?
How many championship titles for LRS Formula / Laurent Rédon Motorsport?
What's the version of AutoCAD Architectural Desktop 3?
In what season did the team get in the conference finals of the playoffs?
What was the team's status in the USISL Pro League playoffs?
In what year did the team compete in the 2nd, Northeast season of the USL PDL League?
What did the team do in the Open Cup in the 2nd, Northeast season of the USISL D-3 Pro League?
In what year did the team compete in the USISL Pro League?
If %2001 is 0.1%, what is the minimum Arabs 2001 number?
If the province is Manitoba, what is the Arabs 2001 number?
What is the province amount if the % 2011 is 0.0%
If the province is British Columbia, what is the Arabs 2001 total number?
If the province is Nunavut, what is the Arabs 2011 amount?
When did the tournament, in which the runner-up was Song-Hee Kim, happen
What was the amount of winners share (in $) in the game with a margin victory of 2 strokes?
What was the winning score in the Sybase Classic tournament?
What was the winning score in the tournament, ending with Birdie Kim as a runner-up?
How many Latin Americans were there in the Northwest Territories in 2011?
How many results of the count of Latin Americans in Yukon in 2001 are there?
What's the percentage in 2001 in Manitoba where the percentage in 2011 is 0.8%?
What are the percentages in 2001 in all the provinces where the percentage in 2011 is 0.2%?
How many Latin Americans were there in 2001 in the province with 0.0% 2001 and 0.2% 2011?
How many Latin Americans lived in 2011 in Saskatchewan?
How many different index numbers are there for an ozone, running 8 hourly mean of 66-99?
What's the count of pm 10 particles when the pm 2.5 particles are at 59-66?
What's the number of pm10 particles when sulphur dioxide is at 266-354?
What's the sulphur dioxide count when the ozone is at 121-140?
What's the sulphur dioxide count when the nitrogen dioxide is 468-534?
What's the nitrogen dioxide count where the sulphur dioxide is at 0-88?
What is the minimum number of wins possible for the Champ Car World Series among all the drivers?
What is the most Champ Car wins for any driver with a USAC record of 2?
How many afc titles did the Cleveland Browns have?
How many division championships did the Pittsburgh Steelers have?
How many afc titles were there when there were 2 super bowl wins?
How many division title teams were in the division championships 9 times?
What is the highest number of division championships where playoff berths were 11?
Who in the original Toronto cast played the character played by Kate Rockwell in the current Broadway cast?
What member of the current West End cast plays the character played by Jodie Jacobs in the original West End cast?
What member of the current Broadway cast plays the character played by Constantine Maroulis from the original Broadway cast?
How many different actors from the Second national tour year 2 played the character played by Oliver Tompsett from the original West End cast?
What member of the original Toronto cast played the character played by Constantine Maroulis in the first national tour cast?
Name the # for bill finger edmond hamilton dick sprang , et al.
Name the volume line for number 8
Name the total number for material collected for 978-1401221935
Name the umbr of creators for flash of two worlds
Name the total number of material collected for  justice league of america by george pérez, vol. 2
What is the highest overall number one(s)?
Name the player for 1945 for player
Name the inducted as for  joe medwick category:articles with hcards
What teams drive cars manufactured by Toyota?
What is Jon Thorne's average speed?
What day did the race in 1974 take place on?
What is Tony Stewart's average speed?
What year was the average speed 145.24
How many surfaces were played on in 2005 where the score was 6–7 (4–7) , 3–6, 7–6 (7–2) , 3–6?
Who are the opponents of Mike Byron and partner in matches where the score was  6–4, 4–6, 7–6 (7–4)?
What player is from the California Golden Seals?
What team does Lee Palmer play for?
What country is Alain Labrecque from?
What is Boston Bruins minimum pick?
Name the position of glenn goldup
Name the least pick number for colin campbell
Name the player for pick number for 30
Name the college/junior club team for jimmy jones
Who was the MVP the season Scaligera Verona were Champions?
Who was the finalist in the season 2007-08?
Who was the finalist when the final venue was Varese?
Who was the finalist when the MVP was Romain Sato?
Who was the champion for the 1998-99 season?
How many final venues were there in the 1997-98 season?
What player was drafted to the Detroit Red Wings?
Who did Dan Follet play for before the draft?
How many teams have a player named Denis Andersen?
Which College did the Buffalo Sabres' pick play for?
What NHL team does Denis Desgagnes play for?
What cub team or college did Bob Law come from?
What NHL team did jim koleff play on?
How many teams have skyhawks as a nickname?
What is the total enrollment for the school in garden city, new york?
How many schools with greyhounds as their nickname?
How many schools named southern new hampshire university?
When no.55 ipb spartak racing is the g1 winning team what are the results?
When peter kox roman rusinov is the gt1 of the winning team how many lmp1 winning teams are there?
When  julien jousse patrice goueslard yann clairay is teh gt1 of the winning team how many measurements of rnd. are there?
How many nicknames were associated with Milton, Massachusetts?
Where is the Eastern Nazarene College located?
How many years are listed under joined for the Nor'easters?
What location contains a school that has an enrollment of 2686?
In what year did the Lions join?
Which conference has the nickname Chargers?
Which conference has the nickname Lions?
What joined year does Dropped Athletics have?
What is the latest founded year?
What institution is located in Watertown, Wisconsin?
What is the smallest enrollment for institutions founded in exactly 1880?
What is the enrollment for Lakeland College?
What is the maximum enrollment for Concordia University?
What couple had a total score of 6?
What is the lowest rank?
What couple had a vote percentage of 7.691%
How many results do Ellery and Frankie have?
What is Michael and Melanie's rank?
What is Zoe and Matt's rank?
What is the judge's total for Roxanne and Daniel?
What is Zoe and Matt's result?
What is the result of judge 6?
what is the order when public vote was 18.155%
what is the public vote on graeme & kristina
what is robin's stat when jason was 2.5
state the skating song of graeme & kristina
what is the scoreboard when karen was 4.5
how many coupless totalled 14.5
Name the nickname for enrollment being 9000
what type is the institute that enrolled 2102
where is the private/presbyterian institute
what type of institution is alvernia university
state the institution in glenside, pennsylvania
What was the result when John Barrow was the incumbent first elected in 2004?
How many incumbents are there in the georgia 8 district when the party is democratic?
In what district is the incumbent John Linder?
What was the result of the Georgia 8 district?
In what district is the incumbent John Linder?
What is the mind of the one that has qut reason?
What is the intelligence os the one that has 思 sī, "thought"?
What is the understanding of the one that has νοῦς nous reasoning?
How much was spent in 1949/50 (in $ millions) in the country where the cumulative expenditure is $376 millions?
How many millions of $ were spent in Iceland in 1948/49?
What country spent $59 millions in 1949/50?
What's the 1949/50 expenditure (in $ millions) in the country where the 1948/49 expenditure was 232$ millions?
What's the 1948/49 expenditure (in $ millions) in the country whose 1949/50 expenditure is $921 millions?
Name the total number for % popular vote for # of seats won for 83
Name the % of popular vote for election for 1926
Name the most # of seats won
Name the most number of total votes for election for 1878
What is the number for the french open 1974?
When was the Australian open?
How many ages have Maureen Connolly Brinker as the player?
When is the French Open when serena williams is the player?
how many dismissals in a game with 191 innings
How many residence cities have an English name of Province of Viborg and Nyslott?
What is the highest value for map number?
What is every Swedish name for residence city is Loviisa?
What is every Finnish name for the English name of Province of Viborg and Nyslott?
What is the traditional Chinese character set for the location that has an area of 181?
What is the total number of areas that are called Nanqiao District?
What is the number of English names that have a Traditional Chinese name of 全椒縣?
What is the Pinyin name for Dingyuan County?
What are Doug Davis' maximum pitching stats?
List the pitchers for the 1970 season
How many wins had a win percentage of 0.667
how many "no decisions" are there with 3 wins and a win percentage of 1.000?
stae the least number of wins in 1986
what is the least number of no decisions for scott feldman category:articles with hcards
what is the number of starts in 1977
who was the pitcher in seasons 1982, 1984, 1985, 1987, 1988, 1989
how many wins did pitcher jon matlack category:articles with hcards achieve
How many series are there total?
What family had a no.overall of UK10?
What's the highest division number through the years?
What's the lowest division number of the 6th, Great Lakes season?
What's the team's status in the Open Cup in 2006?
When did the 4th, Midwest season happen?
which channels had spokesperson arina sharapova and no dual commentator
how many spokesperson where in 2004
who is the dual commentator at the channel with spokesperson larisa verbickaya
state all spokesperson for the channel where dual commentator was elena batinova
state all the spokesperson for the channel where commentator is dmitriy guberniyev
When is the first broadcast for episodes where Rufus's guest is Jack Whitehall?
Which episodes have Chris Addison as Rufus's guest?
What is the resulting score for the episodes where Rufus's guest is Sean Lock?
What is the first broadcast date for episode 3x10?
What index was created by the United Nations (UNDP) and reached 2nd place in the LA Ranking?
How many countries were sampled in the index created by The Economist, published in 2007 and ranked 2nd in the LA Ranking?
What's the wold ranking of the index by Transparency International?
How many countries were sampled for the index in 2nd place in the LA ranking and 23rd in the world ranking?
How many countries were sampled for the Prosperity Index (2008)?
What is the playoffs result in years where Open Canada Cup was "N/A" and regular season result was "2nd, New England"?
What is the earliest year where playoffs was "did not qualify," regular season was "2nd, New England," and Open Canada Cup is "N/A"?
What is the total number of playoffs held in exactly 2006?
What were the revising conventions commentary with a denunciation of 21?
How many inputs are there in the 'closure for signature' tab under the field 'sea (revised)'?
How many ILO codes are there with revising conventions of 'this convention, work in fishing convention'?
What  was the revising convention of the field 'trimmers and stokers'?
What are the Juntas de Regantes (WUB) within the Azua Valley?
Which irrigation district has 4733 users?
What's the number of users in the Nisibon-Yuma within the Del Este district?
What percentage voted for Tom Horner according to the poll source with sampling error of 2.5%?
What's the percentage of undecided according to the poll source with sampling error of 2.7%?
When did Minnesota Poll administer their poll?
How many polls show different percentages for Tom Emmer and 38% for Matt Entenza?
What poll source administered their poll on June 14-16, 2010?
What's the percentage of votes for Tom Horner according to the poll source that claimed 31% for Matt Entenza?
what is redskins (score) against tennessee titans 27
Who is the head coach of the team who's venue is Lokomotiv?
What is the venue for the team Terek?
How many teams finished in 8th in 2008?
What is the location of the team Saturn?
What is the location of the team who's captain is Miodrag Džudović?
when fairburn is bigger than 54.0, how many years?
where stanier, 2 cylinder is 43, what is the stanier, 3 cylinder
When the Fowler is 16, what is the number of cylinders?
What is tops for Folwer?
On what grid was the time for part 1 1:31.063?
Which driver was number 2‡?
Who was the driver in grid 01 1?
What was the time in part 3 when Heikki Kovalainen was the driver? 
Who was the driver when the time in part 3 was 1:31.386?
What was the time in part 3 when Nick Heidfeld was the driver?
Name the title that aired on 5 august 1967
Name the total number of directors for number 6
Name the original airdate for guy verney
Name the number of writers for airdate of 15 july 1967
What's the abbreviation for the month whose transcription is Kumphaphan?
What's the zodiac sign for the month with Thai name มกราคม?
What's the zodiac sing for the month whose transcription is Karakadakhom?
What's the transcription for the Thai name พฤษภาคม?
What's the Sanskrit word for month with Thai name มกราคม?
How many different transcriptions are there for the Thai name พฤษภาคม?
What is the innings when the average is 36.48?
How many no outs are there for an average of 43.70?
How many no outs for an average of 56.38?
How many poles had 78 points?
How many poles had 72 points?
How many poles were there in season 2000?
What team scored 4 points?
Who won the cup on 30.11.2008?
Who got the 3rd place in the cup on 01.02.2009?
Where was the cup on 07.02.2009 held?
What was the population in May of 2000 when In may 2010 it was 2262?
What was the Barangay when the population was 1267 in May of 2000?
What was the population of the coastal location Isio in May of 2000?
What was the share for rank 54?
What are the ratings/share ratio when viewers are 5.50 Million?
What are the  rank timeslots where ratings are 4.1?
What is overall rank when viewers are at 6.59 million?
What was the episode name when share was 8?
Who were the writers of episode 20?
What county has others at 5?
What is the percentage of others when McCain is at 57.7%
What is Nader's percentage when Obama is 44.6%?
What schools are accredited by COE?
Where was there a school founded in 1927?
What is the minimum length of the locations where the average climb percentage is exactly 59%?
What is the maximum number of km listed?
Name the number of δs ‡ /cal mol −1 k −1 for butadiene being 1,2-dimethylene-cyclohexane
Name the 10 4 k /min −1 (30 °c) (± 1-2%) relative for 17.3
Name the 10 4 k /min −1 (30 °c) (± 1-2%) absolute for 1.00
Name the total number of butadiene for 1.93
When 17,874 (33.2) is the percentage against what is the percentage for?
When 27,822 (72.3) is the percentage for how many electorate measurements are there?
When 13,895 (27.3) is the percentage against what is the toll poll percentage?
When +18.1 is the ± yes side 2008 percentage what is the percentage of against?
When  60,254 (58.0) is the toll poll percentage what is the for percentage?
When +20.3 is the ± yes side 2008 (%) what is the for percentage?
What was the original air date for season 11?
What episode did John Rogers direct?
Who directed the episode that aired on july15,2012?
Which episode aired on august19,2012?
What is the weight with a cross section area of 25.3?
How many weights are there when the flange with is 304?
What is the web thickness if the flange width is 100?
If the cross-section area is 21.2, what is the weight?
What is the flange thickness when the weight is 19.9?
Who directed the episode with a production code of 4WAB05?
When did the episode titled "family recipe" originally air? 
Who directed the episode with a production code of 4WAB04?
What episode is titled "Authority Vested"?
Who directed the episode titled "Andare Pescare"?
What episode was directed by Karen Gaviola?
What was the score on February 8, 1992?
Who is the opponent in game 5?
What is the date of game 5?
What was attendance on March 11, 1995?
What was the score when 7260 people attended the game?
How many games resulted in a loss?
What is the date of game 7?
What is the Obama# when McCain% is 64.4%?
Name the Others# when McCain# is 4730.
What County was the Obama% at 41.7%?
When McCain% was 64.8%, what is the Others#?
What was the Obama% when McCain% was 61.2%?
Name the date for attendance 9372
Name the record for january 18, 1997
Name the score for march 29, 1997
How tall is the contestant from Honduras?
What country is the contestant from Chihuahua from?
What contestant is 173 cm tall?
What country is the contestant from Salto from?
How tall is the contestant from Guatemala?
How much would you expect the enrollment to be in Springfield?
where would you find a public university which was founded in 1915?
What is the only type of university that was founded in 1873?
What enrollement would you expect if you were attending the university in St. Louis?
Which school would you come across if you were in Kirksville?
What type of school would you see when visiting Missouri Western State University?
When east carolina university is the school what is the highest year founded?
When 1927 is the founded year how many measurements of enrollment in 2012 are there?
When western carolina university is the school what is the control?
When university of north carolina at charlotte is the school what is the lowest enrollment in 2012?
What is the enrollment for the school in bottineau?
What is the control for the school accredited by the higher learning commission ( nca ), ccne?
What year was the school founded with an 898 enrollment?
How many schools founded in 2006?
What is the accrediation for united tribes technical college?
What is the latest founding date? 
What was the enrollment (2005) for baccalaureate colleges , for Granite State College?
What year is the founding year, for the school that had an enrollment in 2005 of 963?
What school had an enrollment in 2005 of 69?
How many students enrolled in 2005 at New Hampshire Institute of Art?
Name the most founded for enrollment 2005 being 1285
Name the main location for public and masters university
Name the type for mcminnville
Name the control for albany
Name the least founded for gutenberg college
Name the type for 1245 enrollment
when type of work is novel and published in english is 1977, what was published in russian?
How many types of work is хромая судьба?
What is the russian title of the ugly swans?
when it published in english is n/a and published in russian is 1986, what is the type of work?
List the presbyterian members of the senate.
Which state does congressman jim demint represent?
Name the total number of tie number for team 2 osijek
What is the minimum number of total placings?
What was the result of the game with the record of 3-1?
What was the date of the game with the record of 2-1?
How many games were there in the 1966 season?
What game number had a record of 3-1?
What happened when the new points was 1705?
What was the max when they score 2200?
How many points did agnieszka radwańska score?
How many points did shahar pe'er score?
What is the weight for western ontario college?
How many positions have round 3?
Which position has 225lb as weight?
What is the round?
What is the height of the cornerback position?
What is the most recent year joined?
what is the affiliation of the hilltoppers mascot?
what is the affiliation of the colors maroon and white? 
what is the number of enrollment of the central institution?
what is the name of the institution of the sparta, wi location?
in what year did the colors red and gold join?
What circuit did rick kelly win on?
What circuit features the placemakers v8 supercars race?
What dates was the falken tasmania challenge race that had triple eight race engineering as the team?
What was the report for the winton race?
What medium was used for the sculpture of George Harold Baker? 
Who was the subject of the sculpture created in 1982? 
Who was the subject of the bronze sculpture who was a colonist and soldier in Ville Marie, New France? 
What was the public office of the subject whose sculpture was created in 1954? 
What medium was used for the sculpture by Ernest Richard Gause? 
Name the originl title for no stars in the jungle
Name the original title for not nominated result with report on death
Name the total number of results for octubre
Name the film title for la boca del lobo
Name the year for reportaje a la muerte
How many directors for #15?
What is every director with production code of NABF13?
What are all values for U.S. viewers(millions) with Kevin Curran as a writer?
How many titles for the production code of NABF07?
Name the episode for 18-49 rating being 3.6
Name the rank timeslot for 11.59 viewers
Name the first air date for 9 episode
Name the rank timeslot for 18-49 share being 13
Name the total number of rank timeslot for 18-49 being 3.1
Name the total number for 18-49 share being 18-49 being 3.1
What was the 2005 established population in cyo?
What was the established 2005 population in CYO?
What is the area in CZ?
What is the name of the capital city for CY?
What is the area in squared km for CY?
What was the date for the Champs Sports Bowl?
What is the date when the city is San Antonio, Texas?
What is the city when the Television network was the NFL Network?
How many opponents did the Sun Devils play when they scored 41 points?
What was the record for the Sun Devils when they scored 44 points?
When the torsion spring diameter is 38.4cm what would be the length or weight of the missile
Who wrote the episode that had 8.84 million viewers?
How many million viewers watched episode number 20?
What was the title of the episode written by Keith Temple?
what is the lowest value under the column series no.?
When there are  7.4 million viewers how many episodes are there?
When 24:31 is the run time how many measurements of viewers (in millions) are there?
When 24:31 is the run time how many millions of viewers are there?
When there are 7.5 million viewers what is the archive?
Name the broadcast network for saitama prefecture
Name the broadcast network for chiba prefecture
Name the broadcast day and timings for tv saitama
Name the opponent for opponents being 12
Name the result for 9-1 record
Name the most opponents for 8-1 record
How many seats in 2006 has a % 1997 rating of 38.9?
What was the % 2006 rating in 2006 where there were 5 seats?
How many time was the political party the social democratic party of germany?
How many political parties had a %2006 rating of 43.5?
How many seats were there in 2001 when there were 11 seats in 2006?
Name the won promotion for 1987
Name the won promotion for kalmar ff
If the matches for NQF is 2009, what is the position?
What was Robin's score when she was eliminated?
What song did Robin perform with a result of 4.0?
Among  deaths  106 000  how many is crude rate.
where births is 388 000 how many number is natural increase
period between 1985 - 1990 have minimum infant mortality rate of what.
How many times could you earn $470,000 as the grand prize?
How many winners scored exactly 202 (-11)?
How many tournaments were held at Alabama?
When the tournament winner was virginia tech, who won player of the year?
Where was the tourney when Louisville won the regular season?
Where was the tourney when  UCLA won the regular season?
Where was the tourney when  Weber State won the regular season?
Where was the tourney when  conference player of the year is larry smith , alcorn state?
Which drivers won $40,000 in the NASCAR Winston Cup?
What series is at the position 7?
In what series did the driver get 30 points?
How much did Dale Jarrett win?
Name the most households
When 0 - 1 barbiero 78' is the score how many measurements of attendance are there?
When 3 - 1 hughes 64' is the score what is the stadium?
When 1 - 1 leckie 90+3' is the score what is the stadium?
What date did Adriano Buzaid have the pole position?
What is the winning team at Oulton Park when Max Chilton held the pole position?
What date did Renger Van Der Zande have the pole position at Donington Park?
Name the regular season for 2005
When nº is 3, what are all the ministires?
When nº is 3, what are all the coaliton parties?
What is the most amount of ministries?
What is the ministries number when duration is 4 years, 4 days (1,465 days)?
How many ministers are there when the cabinet (nickname) is 	Steingrímur Hermannsson III?
What is the duration for no 33?
When 1 is the number what episodes were used?
When 七色アーチ is the japanese title what is the japanese translation?
When 5 is the number what is the japanese title?
When momoiro clover z is the vocalist how many japanese titles are there?
When momoiro clover z is the vocalist what is the japanese translation?
When  pokémon ieru kana? bw is the romaji who is the vocalist?
Name the miles for jeff gordon
Name the laps for ryan newman
What is the theme of the song by Soul Brothers Six
Which week is the theme First Solo
Which week is the theme n/a
How many total songs has the order #1
Which order #1 has a result of bottom 2
Whats the song of name with an original artist Garth Brooks
What was the date when Terry McAuliffe won 19%?
What was the source of the poll that gave McAuliffe 30% on June 8?
What was Brian Moran's tally in the Survey USA poll where Creigh Deeds had 26%?
What source showed Brian Moran at 19%?
What was Brian Moran's share of the votes when Creigh Deeds had 30%?
What source gave 26% of the votes to Brian Moran?
How many insurgents have 602 as the total per period?
How many security forces?
How many insurgents have 2003 as a period?
What position did he finish in the year his average start was 16.8?
What were his winnings when he had 14 top 10s?
How many years did he have an average start of 20.7?
What was his average finish when his average start was 27.7?
What is the ISIN that has a coupon of 1.02 and a value issued of 447,000,000?
What is the ISIN that has an amount issued of 223,000,000?
What is the maturity that has a coupon of exactly 0.726?
What is the coupon that has an issuer of Commerzbank AG?
What is the maturity date of the ISIN labeled DE000A0BVBN3?
What is the ISIN associated with the maturity date of 3/11/2011?
What was the report when the average speed (mph) was 87.599?
What team won when the race time was 3:12:30?
How many miles (km) were driven when the average speed (mph) was 103.145?
If the position is 12th, what was the series?
If the position is 9th, what is the total podiums number?
If there is 16 points, what was the position? 
What is the point total for the Formula Renault 2.0 Italy series?
What is the minimum number of f/laps in the Italian Formula Renault 2.0 Winter Series?
How many poles were there in the Italian Formula Renault 2.0 Winter Series?
How many podiums were there in the Italian Formula Renault 2.0 Winter Series?
What was the highest position for the person who performed in 16 races?
What team had 4 podiums?
Name the year for is my magic
Name the year for japanese
Name the result for already famous
Name the result for japanese
What was the best top five result when the average start is 28.5? 
What was the average finish in 2007?
How many poles were there in 1996?
With team #21/#07 ss-green light racing, what was the average finish number?
What was the maximum amount of the poles?
If the average start is 11.8, what was the team name?
If the winnings was $250,667, what is the top 5 total number?
With an average finish of 29.0, what was the average start?
what is the total number of reasons for change where the date the successor was seated is june 8, 1876?
what is the reason for change where the date the successor was seated was july 28, 1876?
what is the district where the vacator is vacant?
Who was the manufacturer for Matt Kenseth on March 7?
What was the average speed for a racetime of 3:08:08?
How many laps were there in 2002?
How many numbers were recorded under miles for the 3:00:46 race time?
What was the race time for Jeff Gordon?
What is the latest year?
What is every total for the University of the Cordilleras UC Dance Squad?
What is every school with basic elements of 52?
How many stunts have a total of 201.5?
What is every school with stunts of 48?
What is every deduction for pyramids of 49?
In what year was the partner Wesley Moodie?
What was the outcome when the final score was 7–6(9), 7–6(1)?
What are the scores in matches against Tony Roche?
Which championship has a final score of 3–6, 4–6, 2–6?
What is Fred Stolle's final year of competing in a championship? 
List the total number of years that have a score of 3–6, 4–6, 2–6.
List the final score of Wimbledon (2/2).
What is the winner in event number 15h?
Who is the winner with an elapsed time of 12 h 42 min?
What is the prize for the elapsed time of 10 h 10 min?
Who is the winner of event # 1h and dateca is Apr 2?
What is the event # when the winner is what is 7x6?
Which positions are the poles 2?
How many positions have f/laps of 1 and british formula three series?
Which position has 9 podiums?
How many teams have 7th position?
How many poles when British formula renault 2.0 series and f/laps 1?
How many points when pole are 1?
how many wiaa classifications does fort vancouver high school have?
How many high schools have storm mascots?
What wiaa classifications does vancouver itech prepratory have?
What school classifications have trappers as mascot?
How many games were played in the 1989 season?
How many games were played by the player with 927 points?
Which team had an average of 20.4?
What was the date of appointment for the 10th person in position?
What is the date of vacancy for the person that left because of end of caretaker contract?
How many prefectures have an area of 361.719 kilometers squared?
What prefecture is listed in the map as number 39?
How many prefectures have a population density of 16 people/kilometers squared?
How many wins did he have when he had $95,180 in winnings?
How many top 10s did he have the year he won $80,490?
What is his lowest number of wins?
How many top 5s when he was on team #28/#49 jay robinson racing?
What date did episode 258 in the series originally air?
Who directed "loathe and marriage"?
Who directed episode 266 in the series?
Name the least season
What's the BTU/Gal of the fuel whose kWh/Gal is 24.04?
What's the HP -hr/gal of the fuel whose GGE is 0.9000?
What's the HP -hr/Gal of the methanol fuel (m100)?
What's the HP -hr/Gal of the fuel with 111.11% GGE?
What's the GGE % of the fuel with kWh/Gal of 33.41?
What is the percentage yield for a DPMO of 3.4?
How many percentage yield figures are there when 6.7% are defective?
What is long-term C PK when the short-term C PK is 2.00?
What is the sigma (with 1.5σ shift) when there are 69% defective?
When sigma (with 1.5σ shift) is 2.5, what percent is defective?
What episode number in the series was "igo nuclear"?
How many times was u.s. Viewers listed for episode 36 in the series?
How many million U.s. Viewers watched episode 12 in the season?
What day did the episode with a production code of 218 originally air?
How many episodes were listed as number 29 in the series?
What was the Sp of the 2nd Position?
How old was the horse when the SP was 200/1?
What was the distance for the 11th position?
Who was the jockey in 7th position?
What was the distance when the handicap was 11-2?
If the production code is 6.18, what was the episode title?
If the original air date January 19, 1992, who was the episode directed by?
When did the episode titled "Route 666 (part 1)" air for the first time?
What's the season number of the episode with series number 84?
How many season numbers are there for the episodes written by Art Everett?
How many series numbers do the episodes originally aired on October 28, 1990?
What' the series number of the episode with season number 13?
What was the report for the Sunday race where the winner had an average speed of 128.27 mph?
On what day was the race that Cale Yarborough won in 364 laps?
Who manufactured the car that won with an average speed of 126.259 mph?
What year did the Leo Jackson Racing team win?
When was the station WLS-TV owned since?
What market rank and city had the station KABC-TV?
What was the earliest year a station was owned since?
How many episodes had 3.62 million viewers?
How many episodes have episode #11?
How many epsidode(s) had 3.63 million viewers?
What nation had the athlete sebastian coe category:articles with hcards?
What rank did the nation with athlete peter snell category:articles with hcards have?
how many times was nation counted where athlete is shuhei nishida category:articles with hcards
What is the least number of silver medals won
How many silver medalist was won?
Name the league cup for northern ireland
If the spacecraft is the Shenzhou 7 Eva 1, what is the start (utc) date and time?
If the start (utc) is November 18, 2008 18:09, what is the name of the spacecraft?
What is the end (UTC) for spacecraft STS-114 Eva 3?
What is the start date and time of the walk that ends March 28, 2005, 11:31?
Which points classification has 4 as the stage?
Which malaysian team classification had mohd nur rizuan zainal as points classification?
Which team classification has malaysian team classification of mncf continental team?
Which team classification has taiji nishitani as the stage winner?
When did the term end that began January 3, 2007?
When did the term began when the date of election is N/A?
When did the term end that began December 4, 1978?
When did the term begin that ended January 3, 1995?
What branch of government was the term that ended on January 3, 2001?
Where is the position when houston, tx is the hometown and worthing is the high school?
Which highschool has senior (rs) for the year?
What is the # when conroe, tx is the hometown?
What is the weight when 20 is the number?
What is the name when senior is the year with the # less than 10.0?
What is the # for worthing high school?
Name the reason for change for jonathan jennings
Name the date successor seated for failure to elect
Name the successor for james noble died in previous congress
Name the state class for isaac d. barnard (j)
Who is the successor when the reason for change is died November 11, 1845?
How many date of successor seated is new jersey 2nd in the district?
Who was the Best Male Artist where Bankie Travolta won the Best Male MC?
Who was the Best Male MC if Best Album won the Best Male Lyricist?
Who was the Best Male Lyricist if Neshia Nee won the Best Male Record?
Who won the Best Female Artist where Best R&B Contributor won the Best Male Lyricist?
What won the Best Female Artist if Best Lyrical Record won the Best Male Artist?
What won the Best Female Artist if People's Male MC won the Best Female Lyricist?
What is the lowest number of states contested under apna dal?
Where 19 seats were won, what was the minimum number of forfeited seats?
How many akhil bharatiya rashtriya azad hind party seats were contested?
How many parties had 1 seat forfeited and 1.04% of seats contested?
What is the lowest number of votes in elections that had 34.39% of seats contested?
How many series numbers belong to the episode "Vexation of Spirit"? 
When was John McEnroe's minimum year?
What were the US Open's final scores?
Who were the partners in games where the score was 7-5, 2-6, [6-10]?
Who were the opponents in the Tokyo championships?
Who were the partners in games where the score was 1-6, 2-6?
Who were the partners in 2012?
What was the outcome in games where the score was 7-5, 2-6, [6-10]?
If the opponents in the final is Hewitt McMillan and the partner is Fleming, what is the surface?
What is the final score if the partner is Woodforde?
In the US Open championship and the outcome is runner-up, what is the minimum year?
What is the surface made of if the opponent in the final is Hewitt McMillan?
What is the surface made of if the year is 1979 and the championship is US Open?
What is every performance comparison if value of 78 Monaco is 93.6?
What is every value for 78 Fury if the value of 78 Monaco is 93.6?
What is every performance comparison if the value of 81 St. Regis is 114.7?
What is every performance comparison when 80 St. Regis is 360?
Name the ticket/office for orville preston
Name the comptroller for republican
Name the comptroller for office of prohibition
Name the replaced by for 8 july 2009
Name the total number of replaced by for 13 june 2009
Name the date of vacancy for manuel pellegrini
What was the free dance score in the event where compulsory dance score was 15.99? 
How many original dance scores are listed in the event where the compulsory dance was 20.03? 
In what even was the compulsory dance scored 23.75? 
In what event was the compulsory dance score 28.12? 
What is every year when the reporters were Lesley Visser and Robin Roberts?
What is the latest year with reporters Lesley Visser and Robin Roberts?
Who was the driver for the Richard Childress Racing team in the race with a time of 2:58:22?
On how many dates was the average speed of the race 91.033 MPH?
Who was the winning driver in the race that was 3:04:09 long? 
Who was the opponent in the game in which Hakim Warrick (14) did the most high points?
What's the record in the game in which Brad Miller (7) did the high rebounds?
What's the score of the game with 31-29 record?
Name the country for gerrard
Name the number of ends for cardiff city and df
Name the total number of eu for quinn
Name the team for  w 115–104 (ot)
Name the number of record for united center 18,838
Name the team for united center 22,147
Name the high rebounds for new york
Name the number of high rebounds for united center 19,335
Name the team for kirk hinrich , derrick rose , john salmons (6)
Name the high points 31-27
What is the location is the winning driver is Bill Vukovich II?
If the track is the Wisconsin State Fair Park Speedway and the winning driver is Wally Dallenbach, what was the location?
If the location is Brooklyn, Michigan and the pole position is Bobby Unser, what is the RND total number?
If the pole position is Johnny Rutherford and the track is the Ontario Motor Speedway, what is the RND total number?
Name the laps of october 26
Name the date for 2006
Name the number of year for dick hutcherson
Name the total number for report july 23
What party won with a margin of 105731?
What party is the winner K. Anbazhagan from?
How many times did M. Gounder win for Party A?
Who won when V. A. Muthiah was the runner-up?
What party was the winner when A. Krishnaswamy was the runner-up?
Who was the runner up for the Nagapattinam constituency?
who ended runner-up to sankar adhi?
which was k. annamalai´s party a?
What is the population in those place where the market income per capita is $17,362?
What is the unemployment rate in those places where the market income per capita is $16,981?
What is the status in those places where the poverty rate is 8.6%?
What is the unemployment rate in those places in Alexander county whose status is transitional?
What is the population of the country of McDowell?
In what counties is the unemployment rate 5.8% and the market income per capita is $22,866?
Name the partnering for round sf
Name the total number of round for against the netherlands
Name the round for john van lottum martin verkerk
Name the w/l for czech republic
Name the result for jiří novák radek štěpánek
Name the tournament venue for big sky conference
Name the number of conference tournament for james madison
Name the conference player of the year for east tennessee state
Name the team for arif asadov
Name the manner of departure for 1 december 2009
Name the outgoing manager for 10 june 2009
What is every entry for Atlantic Europe when Central Europe is Wisconsin stage?
How many values for Maghreb with Mediterranean Europe is Siciliense?
What is the Atlantic Europe when age is 10,000 years?
What is every entry for America when Atlantic Europe is Hoxniense?
What are all ages for Maghreb is Maarifiense?
How many points did the opponents with a 6-2 record against the Spartans score?
Against whom did the Spartans score 73 points?
Who had highest points in game 5?
What was the final score of the game held on February 24?
Who was the opponent in the game held on February 4?
If the region is the Southern district of Texas, what is the citation?
If the chief judge is Jeffrey L. Viken, what is the region?
If the chief judge is Glen E. Conrad, what is the region?
What was the name of the episode that had 14.52 viewers?
How many million viewers did episode number 63 have?
What number in the season was episode 52 in the series?
which area has a rank of 60?
what is the total number of population where census designated place is westmont?
what is the total number of census designated places with a population of 10581?
Name the most number of contestants
Name the premiere for 8 episodes
Name the mat for win % for 56.25 for league finish being 4th
Name the league finish for deccan chargers
Name the captain for royal challengers bangalore for 5
Name the win% for chennai super kings for 2010
Name the league finish for w being 11
Name the least season for trevor bayliss
What's LSU's overall record/
How many different SEC Win counts does the team with an overall record of 30-4 have?
What's Auburn's percentage?
What's the overall record of the team with 4-3 road record?
What's the home record of the team with percentage of .168?
What was the average speed where lap four's time was 22.9049?
How many lap two's did marco andretti do?
What is tthe lowest number on team 3g?
How many positions have a total time of 1:30.4135?
Which positions have a lap two time of 22.7290?
What was the average speed where the total time was 1:30.4842?
Name the poles for avg start being 4.7
Name the avg finish for position of 70th
Name the year for 15 starts
What episode number in the season was "my comedy show"?
How many directors directed episode 3 of the season?
Who wrote the episode directed by Ken Whittingham?
What is the production code for Episode 153 in the series?
What is the name of the episode where the season number is 13?
If the episode was written by Tim Balme, what was the original air date?
What date did the show air when Rhod Gilbert was the headliner?
What date did the show air when Sean Lock was the headliner?
Who were the comedians on episode 1x03?
What episode took place in Belfast Waterfront Hall?
Who were the comedians during the episode located in Birmingham Hippodrome?
Name the total number of director for vesničko má středisková
Name the growth rate for density of 1087
Name the sex ratio lowest for population 4773138
What is the original air date of the episode that had a week ranking of 21?
What was the week ranking of the episode written by Russel Friend & Garrett Lerner? 
What was the week ranking of the episode written by Thomas L. Moran and directed by Andrew Bernstein?
Name the position for chivu
Name the total number of r for coppa italia larger than 1.0
Which charts had debut sales of of more than 339333.011497678?
How many peak positions were there on the weekly charts?
How many peak positions were there on the daily charts?
Which charts had debut sales of 101976?
What was the score when playing Milwaukee?
Who had the highest rebounds in the game where the record was 27-54?
When did the team play against Niagara?
How many points did the opposing team get in the game with 6-2 record?
When did the Cyclones get 46 points?
On how many different dates did the team play a game in Cedar Falls, Iowa?
Name the date for air canada centre 18,736
Name the score for chicago
Name the least game for march 20
Name the least game for score of l 93–109 (ot)
If the location attendance is the Verizon Center 20,173, what is the date?
Who's captain of the team whose stadium has a capacity of 17800 people?
How many different team captains does the club Sliven 2000 have?
Who's the captain of the team whose stadium is Gradski Stadion?
What stadium has capacity for 13800?
How many people can attend games in the stadium of the team whose captain is Vasil Vasilev?
When  asv nürnberg-süd is the  mittelfranken süd what is the season?
When sv neuses is the oberfranken west what is the season?
When wacker marktredwitz is the oberfranken ost how many unterfranken wests are there?
When atsv erlangen is the mittelfranken nord and alemannia haibach is the unterfranken west what is the mittelfranken süd?
Who tied for the highest rebounds during the game against Orlando?
Who are all high points in game 14?
What is every value for location attendance on date of November 18?
What is every score when date is November 10?
What is every record for game 11?
How many locations was game 3 played at?
What was the score against New Orleans?
How many game locations occurred on March 6?
What was the surface during wimbledon in 1974?
Name the overall for mark steenhuis
Name the total number of offensive for colin doyle
Name the week for steve toll
Name the rookie for ryan powell
Name the defensive for week 9
Name the high rebounds for record 10-19
Name the high points for  l 109–112 (ot)
Name the high assists for 4-3
Name the location attendance for memphis
Name the number of score for sacramento
Who has the high points when 53-27 is the record?
Which team has dirk nowitski (13) as high rebounds?
What is the score for game 78?
Who has the high assists when 50-26 is the record?
Who has high points when 50-26 is the record?
Which date is the team @ la clippers?
Who is the high rebounds for game 64?
What is the record where aaron brooks (6) is high assists?
What is the score when 36-33 is the record?
How many teams played against the Mavericks in a game where the score was w 99–91 (ot)?
How many teams have channing frye, jason richardson (8) as high rebounds?
Who has the high assists when April 26 is the date?
Which team has 5 as a game?
Who did the high assists in the game where Amar'e Stoudemire (10) did the high rebounds?
Who was the game on January 26 played against?
What was the record of the game played on January 5?
What's the record of the game with number 40?
What was the score with the team record was 15-25?
Who has the most rebounds for game 42?
Who had the most rebounds when the team record was 15-27?
Who has the high assists when the team is Oklahoma City?
On which datebis arco arena 17361 the location attendance?
Which team has the location attendance of American Airlines Center 19954?
What is the record where arco arena 17361 is location attendance?
Who has the high points for the 69 game?
Name the record for rose garden 20,565 attendance
Name the game for  andre miller , rudy fernandez (7)
Name the high points for 30-23
Name the team at the rose garden 20,565
What was the score for the game when the record was 37-27?
Who led with the highest points during the game against Indiana?
Name the most number in series for production code of 3abc11
Name the most number in season for production code 3abc12
Name the title for number 16
Name the least number for production code for 3abc21
What was the date that the episode with Jeff Davis as the second performer originally aired?
How many episodes were series episode 214?
What date did the capitols play the toronto maple leafs?
Where was the game played when the record was 20-6-6?
What was the lowest attendance for games played on december 23?
How many dates were played at the wachovia center?
How many games did they have a record of 39-12-6?
What is the largest number of points they had?
How many games did they play with 88 points?
How many games did they play on february 5?
Who is every co-artist with name of role as Ah-Zhong 阿忠?
What is every nature of role with year as 2009?
How many locations for name of role as Xiao Gui 小鬼?
On what date did episode 2 air?
What was the title of the episode that aired February 9, 1979?
What is the number of the episode seen by 1.370 million people in the US?
What's the number of the episode directed by Whitney Ransick?
Who directed the episode written by Jason Yoshimura?
Who directed the episode titled "Risky Business"?
When  roy richardson 476cc aermacchi is the rider what is the time for saturday august 9th?
When 6 is the rank what is the time for Tuesday August 25th?
When 3 is the rank what is the time for Saturday August 29th?
When 22' 37.06 100.090mph is the time for Monday August 24th how many times are there for Friday August 28th?
What is every rider on Monday August 24 at 21' 12.02 106.781mph?
What is every value on Tuesday August 25 if August Friday 28 is 23' 54.54 94.684mph?
What is every rider on Tuesday August 25 at 20' 32.11 110.241mph?
What is every value for Monday August 24 if Friday August 28 is 23' 22.25 96.864mph?
What is the value of Monday August 24 if the rider is Benny Smith 600cc Yamaha?
What is the value for Monday August 24 if Friday August 28 is 26' 04.60 86.814mph?
Who directed 414?
What is the series number of the episode that aired March 25, 2010?
Who wrote the episode that aired February 4, 2010?
What was the air date where there were 5.72 million viewers?
What number was there 6.01 million u.s. drivers?
What date did they play the Florida Panthers?
What was the score for the Atlanta Thrashers?
What was the score for game 4?
How many titles have an original air date of November 17, 1998?
How many season numbers are there for the episode seen by 13.54 million people in the US?
What's the series number of the episode directed by Skipp Sudduth?
Who wrote the episode seen by 10.64 million people in the US?
Who directed the episode titled "Redemptio"?
Name the scores for  david baddiel and maureen lipman
Name the scores for michael buerk and russell howard
Name the davids team for 8 august 2008
What is the episode number that was first broadcast on 3 September 2010?
Who is the Lees Team for episode 4x04?
Who is on the David's Team for the episode with the Lees Team of Jack Dee and Peter Serafinowicz
How many David's team for the Lees Team of Deborah Meaden and Mark Watson?
If the episode is 6x03, what is the first broadcast total number?
If the lees team is Clare Balding and Miranda Hart, what is the first broadcast total number?
If the lees team is Clare Balding and Miranda Hart, what was the score?
What is the position of the song that was eliminated on 11 november?
What is the position of "kärleken vänder allt" (the love turns everything)?
Which artist sang the song that ingela hemming wrote?
What is the position of the song that adam sandahl wrote?
What is the position of the song thar genjor mcnell performed?
What is the position of "kärleken vänder allt" (the love turns everything)?
What week has an attendance of 10402
What is the record on Sept 22?
If artist 1 is Wolfgang Gartner, what is the release date?
What is song 1 title is the artist is Danny Byrd?
If artist 1 is 50 Cent featuring Mary J. Blige, what is the guitar part?
What is the mix pack when the artist 2 is Eminem?
What is every value for Serbs if value for Hungarians is 9.26%?
What is the largest value of population?
How many values for Germans occurs when value for Slovaks is 0.11%?
What is the smallest value of population if the value for Serbs is 73.53%?
What is every value for Croats if the value of Roma is 3.1%?
What is every value for Croats when value for Romanians is 16.65%?
How many years of nasl years did the accolades read "captained england to victory at the 1966 world cup"?
What nasl club won several titles with leeds united?
What years did Bobby Moore play?
What position is Philadelphia Fury?
How many years did Peter Lorimer play?
What was the entry for highest when average is 10295?
How many entries for highest when the low team was baltimore rays?
What is the average when 2nd highest was 27242?
What was the season when the low team is chicago sting?
What's the Stock Exchange Plaza's rank?
How tall is the building with 36 floors?
How many different numbers of floors are there for the Chongqing Poly Tower?
How many different ranks does the Cathay Pacific Plaza 2 have?
What was the original airdate for "Something New"?
What is the production code directed by Matt Shakman?
How many series had a production code of 202?
What was the bleeding time during the prolonged partial thromboplastin time in which the prothrombin time is unaffected?
What is the bleeding time for glanzmann's thrombasthenia?
What is the platelet count for congenital afibrinogenemia?
What is the prothrombin time of von willebrand disease? 
When the bleeding time is unaffected and prothrombin time is prolonged, what are the platelet counts?
Name the last match for  argentina - estadio josé maría minella
Name the final position for copa libertadores
Name the final place for july 25, 2009
What is the epa rated combined fuel economy for the Nissan Leaf?
What is the operating mode of the Coda?
What is the dirty electric grid rocky mountains (denver) for the vehicle with the clean electric grid california (san francisco) of 160 g/mi (99 g/km)?
How many dirty electric grid rocky mountains (denver) vehicles have an  epa rated combined fuel economy of 102 mpg-e (33kw-hrs/100mi)?
What is the epa rated combined fuel economy for the all-electric vehicle with dirty electric grid rocky mountains (denver) of 330 g/mi (205 g/km)?
How many clean electric grid california (san francisco) figures are given for the Nissan Leaf?
Which aperture were built or used between 1987-2001?
How many nationalities/sponsors for mirror/type schmidt uv?
Which telescopes were sponsored by or originated in Belgium?
What team finished in 4th place in 2007? 
What team finished in 3rd place when Balestier Khalsa finished in 4th place?
In what year did Hougang United finish in 4th place?
What was the score in the final the year that the 3rd place team was Bangkok University FC?
If the opponent is the Stampeders, what is the record?
What is the record if the location is Clarke Stadium?
How many companies had an april 2013 cumulative ranking of 3?
What was the Forbers rank (all companies) in 2012 for cenovus energy?
How many assets in billions US$, for the company that ranked 1532 overall in 2013?
How many companies named cenovus energy?
How many English translations were made for the story originally titled "La Ribambelle Enquête"?
What was the English translation of "La Ribambelle Aux Galopingos"?
What was the French title of the story published in 1968?
Who was the artist who worked on the stories published in 1966?
When did series 6 start?
What series had an average of 3.72 million people watching it?
How many different end dates are there for the series seen by 4.2 million people?
What percentage of the EU's population lives in the country with a population density of 110.8 people per square kilometer?
What is the area of Austria's territory in square kilometers?
How many inhabitants does Sweden have per square kilometer?
How many measurements of the Czech Republic's population density are recorded in this table?
Name the number of number in the season for 11
Name the number of airdates for 14
Name the title for 446913
What was the Kentucky Oaks attendance the year the Belmont Stakes had 64,949 attendance?
What was the attendance at the Travers Stakes in 1977?
What was the Breeder's Cup Friday attendance for the year the Breeder's Cup Saturday had 52,987?
In what edition is Ungur's opponent David Nalbandian?
When was the win/lose lose and the round a play-off?
In what round did he play against Sergiy Stakhovsky?
What municipality had 754 votes for coakley?
How many votes for brown in the place that had 84.1% for coakley?
What was the turnout percentage in the place that had 44.6% vote for brown?
Name the finish top 10 being 8 
What is the finish associated with a 3-2 vote?
What is the reward for the elimination of Peterson?
What is the number of finishes associated with an elimination of Adriana?
What was the total number of episodes that had a 3-1 vote?
When troy is the regular season winner what is the conference tournament?
When madison square garden ( new york city, new york ) is the tournament venue (city) what is the conference tournament?
When Cincinnati is the tournament winner how many regular season winners are there?
When western michigan is the tournament winner how many conferences are there?
When was successor George E. Harris (R) seated?
What was the reason for change when the successor was William Milnes, Jr. (C)?
When were the successor/s seated for Ohio 10th?
Name the reason for change when George W. Greene (D) was the vacator.
When was successor David Atwood (R) seated?
What district was the successor seated in March 28, 1878?
Who was the vacator for the district of Nebraska at-large?
Name the enrollment with cougars
Name the least enrollment for field hockey, men's swimming
Name the school that is cougars
Name the institution for purple aces
Name the title that was directed  by john terlesky
Name the total number of titles for 3x5655
What date did the episode that had 1.023 million u.s. viewers originally air?
What episode number in the series had 2.528 million u.s. viewers?
How many million U.S. viewers watched the episode that Daniel H. Forer directed?
How may overall episodes had the title "this is what they want"?
Who was the Tournament Winner when UNC Wilmington won the regular season?
How many people won conference player of the year when florida , kentucky & georgia (east) alabama (west) won the regular season?
Who won the tournament for the Atlantic Sun Conference?
What is the tournament called for the Big Sky Conference?
When Butler one the regular season who was the conference player of the year?
How many men had an event 1 medley score of 6 (16.6m)?
How many men from the Ukraine?
What was the result(s) in the event 3 squatlift for the man from the United states with a result of 1 (42.66s) in the event 2 truck pull?
What was the result in the event 1 medley for the man with a 4 (6 in 31.85s) in the event 3 squat lift?
Name the least series number
Which county has a membership of 1, a franchise type of corporation and a borough of Ennis?
What is the number of members that have boroughs of Bandon Bridge?
What is the number of voters in 1800 that have boroughs named Drogheda?
While the original toyko/seoul tour cast included thomas hettrick, who was in the original 1st us tour cast? 
How many original 3rd us tour cast were there while the original uk cast was alyssa dipalma?
While the original 1st us tour cast included nicci claspell, who was in the original tokyo/seoul tour cast?
Who was in the original berkley cast while stark sands was in the original broadway cast? 
Who was in the original broadway cast while jake epstein was in the original 1st us tour cast? 
Who was in the original 3rd us tour cast while scott j. campbell was in the original 1st us tour cast? 
What is the highest cable ranking?
What is the status of player Philipp Kohlschreiber?
What the total amount of points won during seed 25?
What was the status of rank 20?
How many new points were made while the points defending was 70?
List the total number of defense points for caroline wozniacki.
List the total defensive points for marion bartoli.
List the competitor ranking with 900 defense points.
How many new defense points over 280 did agnieszka radwańska score?
What is the highest points won when the player is aravane rezaï?
How many times is the new points 2690?
List the players with 1285 new points?
How many defending points did  radek štěpánek have?
List the rank of the player that left the tournament due to right foot injury
List the total number of defensive points for radek štěpánek?
List the rank of the player that left due to right wrist surgery?
Name the awardees for best special effects
Name the total number of awardees for best screenplay
Name the name of award for marathi
Name the awardee for tingya
Name the language for b. ajith kumar
What game date was the game at AOL Arena?
What was the Rhein Fire team record on week 8?
Name the circuit for france and portugal
Name the date for sprint winner mexico
Name the date for eastern creek raceway
Name the circuit for  united arab emirates
Name the total number of date for 10
What is the number of the first game?
Against what opponent did the Wildcats have a record of 5-4?
What ends lost came out to 37?
How many skips ended where the ends lost was 46?
How many ends won were smaller than 46.0?
How many pa were blank ends 7 and 5?
Who is the conductor on the Multisonic label? 
Who is the conductor for Rusalka? 
Who composed the work conducted by jaroslav Vogel? 
When "sheep thrills" is the title what is the air date?
What is the title of the episode with production code 406?
Who write episode number 48 in the series?
Name the most goals for  1972 – 1975, 1976 – 1982
Name the period for uruguay
Name the position for  1980 – 1987
which position did pierre bajoc play?
during which period did albert baning play?
What is the number of goals if the name is Xavier Gravelaine?
If the name is Patrick Grappin, what is the nationality?
What is the period total number if the name is Geraldão?
What is the nationality if the appearance is 29?
Name the concacaf for 2010 season
Name the least season for round of 32
Name the number of playoffs for semifinals
Name the number of season for 18th position
Name the least wins
Name the total number of language of films for méga-plex taschereau imax
Name the theatre name for french
Name the location for democratic méga-plex taschereau imax
Who directed "hey now hey now perry'S girlfriend's back"?
How many dates did "Rebecca's one night stand" originally air on?
What episode number has 2j5352 as a production code?
What date did the episode with a production code of 2j5356 originally air?
When 2012 is the year what is the winning boat?
When 64 is the entries what is the winning boat?
When 61 is the entries what is the winning boat?
What is the name of the episode that aired originally on October 18, 1991?
What is the name of the episode written by Ross Brown?
What episode number in the series originally aired on February 28, 1992?
What date did the episode with a production code of 447004 originally air?
How many episodes were written by Ross brown?
What number in the series was episode 2 in the season?
What was the title of the episode written by Bob Rosenfarb and directed by Richard Correll?
What was the original air date of "The Boss"?
What is the QS World ranking of the school with the Times ranking 251-275?
What university was founded in 1898?
What is the maximum average associated with a total of 221902?
How many values of hosted have a highest value of 42659?
How many values of up/down have a total value of exactly 301470?
What is the up/down associated with the Subiaco Oval?
What team was ranked in 7th?
Which player had an opponent of Blackburn Rovers?
What was the score for the 1st ranked team?
What was the name of the player that had a vote percentage of 7.85%?
What is the original airdate of the episode where the challenge was three overstuffed sandwiches? 
Who was the challenge winner in the episode that originally aired on January 28, 2009?
What is the original airdate of the episode where the challenge is "Southwestern Exposure", a twelve-egg omelette"?
How many episodes had New York, New York as the location?
What is the original airdate of the episode where the challenge is a "7-pound monster breakfast burrito"?
What were the shots below par when the winning score was 67-64-63-71-66=331?
What were the shots below par when the winning score was 69-66-69-64=268?
What is the total number of to par when runner-up was Jonathan Kaye?
What was the margin of victory when runner-up was K. J. Choi?
What was the date for no. 7?
Which team had 342 total points? 
How many points did the team who had 325 total points have in round 3? 
What is the most amount of points any team had in round 4? 
How many points did the team who had 132 total points have in round 1? 
Who did Rhein Fire play Against where 30701 people attended?
What week had kickoff time at 6:00 p.m.?
Where was the game played that was on Sunday, May 27?
How many people attended the game at Jahn-sportpark?
How many final scores were there on the game at Amsterdam arena?
What was the group in the British Champion Stakes? 
What was the weight of the jockey at Sandown Park? 
What is the distance of the Mooresbridge Stakes race? 
who was the winner /2nd for the British Champion Stakes race? 
The MacKinnon Stakes races took place on how many venues?
What is the largest average for the episode with 1.97 million Hong Kong viewers?
What is the English title of the episode with 1.92 million Hong Kong viewers?
What is the English name of the episode with 1.92 million HK viewers?
What is the premiere number for the episode titled "The Mysteries of Love" in English?
What is the Chinese name of the episode with 1.97 million Hong Kong viewers?
Who was the home team when the away team was fulham?
What was the attendance of the game where Stoke city was the away team?
When the away team is Millwall, what is the total possible amount of tie numbers?
What is the date of the game played with Birmingham City as the away team?
Who directed the episode entitled "Shotgun"?
What was the airdate of episode number 18?
What was the title of the episode having exactly 9.64 million US viewers?
For which jockey was the weight in kg 53.5? 
Who was the trainer when the jockey was Luke Nolen?
What was the placing when the jockey was Damien Oliver?
What was the placing when the weight in kg was 58.0?
Who was the horse when the jockey was Peter Wells? 
What was the weight in kg when the horse was Alcopop? 
How many weeks are teams playing agains the Barcelona dragons?
What was the score for the game that kicked off at 6:00 p.m.?
Who are the opponents for games on Sunday, June 9?
Name the fat for protein being 4 and calories 80
Name the number of butters for 3 protein
Name the calcium for fat being 6.5
How many counties have a place name of Macedonia?
What is the number of land areas that have a place name of Ballplay?
What is the minimum 2010 population of Edgewater?
What is the lowest 09-10 i/o best?
Which country is akiko suzuki from?
What was the 08-09 i/o best of the player with 1386 points?
What was the 09-10 oi best of the player with 949 points?
Who was the player from georgia?
When tracy reid is the player what is the highest amount of minutes?
What is the lowest overall amount of assists?
When sandy brondello is the player what is the lowest amount of minutes?
When 21 is the number of assists how many sets of blocks are there?
When 2010 is the first elected and Florida 7 is the district who are the candidates?
When bill young redistricted from the 10th district is the incumbent what is the party?
When dennis ross (r) unopposed is the candidate what is the party?
When none (new seat) is the first elected who are the candidates?
How many millions of people watched the episode with a production code of icec483x?
What is the lowest episode number?
What is the lowest episode number with 6.19 million viewers and a production code of icec487y?
What was the production count of "The Mayor of Northolt"?
What is the production number for the episode named "mine’s a double"?
List the production code for the episode had 5.55 million viewers?
List the 1st air date for the episode titled "baby talk".
List the 1st air date for the episode with a iceb786e production code.
Name the party for 1998 first elected
Name the result for barney frank
Name the candidates for first elected being 1976
Name the total number of districts for first elected being 1998
Name the result for 1998
Name the candidates for 1998
Who is the driver of the Chevrolet engine that is sponsored by godaddy.com?
What engine does the Fuzzy's Ultra Premium Vodka sponsored car use?
What engine doe the Ed Carpenter Racing team use?
What team is sponsored by hydroxycut?
What percentage of the population is below 50% of the median income in the region where 10.4% of the population earns below 40% of the median income?
What is the median income for the region where 24.4% pf people make below 60% of the median income?
What is the median income of Maule?
In what region does 17.4% of the population make below 50% of the median income?
In what region do 18.6% of the people make less than 50% of the median income?
What is the gdp per capita in 2008 for the region that had a combined gross enrollment ration of 89.0?
Which region had a life expectancy at birth of 77.9 from 2001-2002?
What is the gdp per capita in 2008 for the region with a combined gross enrollment ratio of 86.6 in 2009?
How many regions had an hdi of 0.896?
How many regions had a life expectancy at birth in 2001-2002 of 75.9?
Who are the runner-ups where the winner is VK Selver Tallinn and 3rd place is Lase-R/Riga?
In which season is the runner-up Lase-R/Riga?
In season 2007–08 who is the runner-up?
Who is the runner-up for season 2011–12?
Where the 3rd-place is Poliurs/Ozolnieki, who is the runner-up?
In season 2005–06, who is 3rd place?
What draft pick number did Kentucky get?
What position was the number 6 draft pick?
What CFL team obtained a draft pick from North Dakota who plays OL position?
What college did the Toronto Argonauts draft pick come from?
What player was the number 1 draft pick?
What CFL team got their draft pick from North Dakota?
Which player went to college at Tennessee?
Who was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs? 
Who was drafted by the Baltimore Colts? 
If the NFL team is the Minnesota Vikings, what is the position?
What is the pick number if the player is Gary Kubiak?
What is the pick number minimum if the player is Mark Bortz?
what is the pick number minimum if the NFL team is the San Diego Chargers?
What is the highest season# for the writer Daegan Fryklind?
Who besides Nobuko Terashima voiced Cinderella in Cinderella III: A Twist in Time?
Who also voiced Cinderella in Cinderella III: A Twist in Time besides Nobuko Terashima?
Who voiced Drizella in the English version?
Name the name of bowl for 2006 season
Name the last appearance for music city bowl
Name the record for cotton bowl classic
Name the appearance for independence bowl
On the Circuit Zolder who was the winning team?
In what circuit was Bruno Spengler the winning driver?
How many Pole Positions were there on 30 March?
Where was the circuit for round 4?
On what date(s) was the winning team Prema Powerteam?
Name the bed 2010 for 6.5%
Name the feb 2010 for january 2010 for 6.2%
How many people directed episode 3 in the season?
If the writer is Mark Fink, who is the director?
What is the name of the episode # 11 in the season?
Who was the director of episode 11 based on season?
Name the reidsville for enrollment
Name the james e. holmes for erselle young
Name the james e. holmes for duane hensley
Name the james e. holmes for joe baez
Name the time for entries being 907
Name the entries for 6 h 23 min elapsed time
Name the prize pool for 706 (481 r, 346 a)
What are the dates of death of those politicians whose date of birth 1938-08-30 30 august 1938?
If the event number is 5, what is the winner total number?
What is the prize pool if the entries is 1,132?
Name the least season # for the first time
Name the least season number for two marriage proposals
What number episode was Week 4, Part 1? 
For what episode was the rating/share for 18-49 at 2.8/8
What number episode was Week 4, Part 2?
How many viewers in millions watched the episode with the number 10.18?
What is the rating/share for 18-49 for Week 6, Part 1?
What is the weekly rank of the episode with a 14 share whose original airdate was April 20, 2010? 
What is the form ("to sing") when brazilian portuguese is [kɐ̃ˈtẽmus]?
what is romanian when nuorese sardinian is [ˈkantata]?
what is romanian when nuorese sardinian is [ˈkantaza]?
What were the results when Hanne Skak Jensen faced Andreja Klepač as opponent?
Who was Hanne Skak Jensen's opponent when facing Belarus?
What kind of round was played when Hanne Skak Jensen faced Austria?
What were the round results when Hanne Skak Jensen faced Austria?
How many touchdowns does Boggs have?
Is the right halfback player a starter?
What position does Boggs play?
What is the smallest number of extra points for a left halfback?
What is the smallest number of extra points?
How many starters are there at right tackle?
How many mls teams had player jamel wallace?
What university is kwaku nyamekye affiliated with?
What university is houston dynamo affiliated with?
What is the position of pick # 63?
How many players are affiliated with indiana university?
When was the earliest season of Juncadella's career?
How many pole data were given on season 2012 with 252 points?
How many wins did Prema Powerteam won with 240 points?
What is the latest season where he had 1 podium? 
What was his position when the team was FMS International? 
What is the smallest number of races competed in with 11 podiums? 
List the total points for the 1st place team.
List the year in which the driver was in 1st place.
How many series awarded 15 points?
List the highest number of laps.
List the team with 12 points.
If second is Sergey Sirotkin, what is the third name?
If the third name is Bruno Bonifacio, what is the champion?
Who is the champion if the national trophy/rookie is not held?
If the national trophy/rookie is Simone Iaquinta, what is the season total number?
If the national trophy/rookie is Gerrard Barrabeig, what is the name of the second?
What was the location when the winning driver was Nathanaël Berthon?
Who was the winning driver in the FR2.0 11 series? 
What circuit was the FR3.5 11 series on? 
When was the F4 7 series?
In what series was TDS Racing the winning team on 9 October? 
How many LOA metres were there when the corrected time d:hh:mm:ss is 4:03:13:38?
How many yachts show a corrected time d:hh:mm:ss is 4:00:05:35?
What were the LOA metres for the yacht ichi ban?
How many LOA metres were there when the skipper is lou abrahams?
What is the position for sail number aus 03?
What yacht had LOA Metres of 13.34?
How many episodes in the season are episode 142 in the series?
What episode number in the season is "parent trap"?
What is the name of the episode that William M. Finkelstein wrote?
Who was the artist with a start date of 1966-10-23?
What is the end date for the artist s. moldoff/j. giella/c. infantino?
How many artist(s) have a start date is 1966-12-12?
What is the fan title with an end date of 1967-11-12?
How many writers where there for episode # 06?
Name the dominant religion for станишић
Name the population for kolut
Name the number of cyrillic name for stanišić
Name the population for бачки моноштор (croatian: monoštor)
Name the number of population for  врбас
Name the largest ethnic group for 24112
Name the dominant religion for village for бачко добро поље
Name the cyrillic name for orthodox christianity village and  bačko dobro polje
Name the largest ethnic group for kosančić
Name the cyrillic name for melenci
Name the dominant religion 2002 for village  banatski despotovac
Name the cyrillic name for lazarevo
Name the population 2011 for mihajlovo
Name the dominant religion 2002 for  меленци
Name the total number of population 2011 for perlez
What is the type when the settlement is subotište?
how many times is the cyrillic name сибач?
What is the largest ethnic group (2002) when cyrillic name is брестач?
How many times is the settlement karlovčić?
What is the cyrillic name when the settlement is ašanja?
Name the least population for 2002 for 2011 being 9564
Name the total number of population for 1991 for 9564 for 2011
Name the city for kanjiža
Name the city for ада
Name the population for 2002 being ada
Name the most no votes
Name the least yes votes for yes passed
Name the % yes for yes votes for 78961
What is every description if NO votes is 233759?
What is every entry for passed when NO votes is 312187?
What is every value for %yes when type is ref?
What is every entry for description when the value of %yes is 51.82%?
What is the episode title for episode number 12?
If the UK air date is February 18, 2013, who was the episode written by?
If the director is Yannick Bisson, what was the Canadian amount of viewers?
Was the constitution amended with a 57.91% vote of yes?
Did the legislation pass that had 42.87% yes votes?
How many no votes were there in the partial public funding of election campaigns legislation?
How many touchdowns did Sam Babcock get? 
How many extra points catagories are there for the na player? 
The player who had 5 touchdowns had how many extra points? 
What is the smallest number of safeties? 
If the longitude is 157.941° e, what is the latitude?
If the latitude is 08.979° s, what is the depth?
At what latitude did the shock at time 13:10:02 occur?
On which date did the shock at latitude 08.909° s occur?
What was the longitude for the shock that occured on 2010-01-09?
If the longitude is 158.091° e, what is the depth?
What is the pa when skip (club) is jocelyn nix (glooscap)?
What is the highest number for W?
What was the stolen ends when ends won is 32?
What is shown for ends lost when pa is 44?
What is the PA when  skip (club) is mary-anne arsenault (nsca)?
What was the original airdate of episode #733?
Who was the guest on the episode where The Word was "P.R.-mageddon"?
What was The Word for production code 6084?
What was the number of "The Word" segments for episode number 727?
Compute the number of times Dennis Rodman recordedhigh rebounds given a regular season
List all rebounds equal to 10 for  Dennis Rodman 's 1991–92 season
What is the highest rebound  Dennis Rodman obtained within the 20 rebounds category given two of the following:points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocked shots (points) greater equal to 5
If the episode number is 2-01 what is the original UK air date?
If the episode title is Pressures, what are the names of the cast?
What is the episode number for episode title Leave Takers?
For episode number 2-03, what are the names of the cast?
What is the total number of birth/2012 for January–December 2012 in Kurgan Oblast?
What were the total number of 2012 deaths when 2012 births were 127?
What were the total number of 2012 births for the January–December 2012 Tver Oblast region?
What were the total 2012 births when the 2012 deaths were 163?
How many pf catagories are listed for the skip that had 3 for l
How many l's are there for the skip with 3 for w? 
How many skip's are listed for 30 ends won? 
How many ends won catagories are listed when there are 8 stolen ends? 
How many extra points did Germany Schultz score? 
What is the least number of field goals scored by a player? 
How many field goals were scored by the player that got 7 touchdowns? 
How many ends were won where the blank ends are smaller than 3.0?
What is the largest amount of ends won when stolen ends were 3?
What is the number of wins when ends won is 30?
How many counties are at milepost 69.5? 
In what city or town is Stratford (limited service)? 
At what city or town is milepost 71.1? 
How many towns or cities are at milepost 71.1? 
At what milepost is Beacon Falls? 
How many people wrote episode number 2 of the season?
What episode number of the season did Tony Basgallop write?
What episode number of the season is episode number 11 in the series?
How many items are listed under the column 'viewing figure' for "the looking glass"?
Which competition did the toronto city saints win?
What was the number of teams in the competition that wynnum manly seagulls won?
How many cook island league competitions were there?
How many positions are shown for the 2010 season?
What is the season with podiums more  than 2.0?
Which series is in position nc?
What are the  f/laps for race 14?
How many flaps are there for the team march 3 racing (1-4) top speed racing team (5-12)?
If the player is Maake Kemoeatu, what is the int maximum?
What is the ydi minimum?
What is the fumrec minimum?
If the player is Reed Doughty, what isthe fumrec?
How many games did he lead team in rebounding in the season when his 5 blocks stat is 10?
What stadium(sO does san juan jabloteh play in?
Wh owas the captian of the north east stars?
What was the maximum capacity of larry gomes stadium?
What is the lowest season #?
Who directed  series # 422?
How many directors were there for series # 431?
Who directed the episode with a title of " old friend "?
What episode  number of the series aired on February 26, 1968?
How many people directed the episode that aired on February 5, 1968?
Who directed the episode that aired on September 25, 1967?
Who directed the episode that aired on February 19, 1968?
How many episode titles aired on September 25, 1967?
name the most series number for season 22
What is the earliest stage where mountains classifications was awarded to Peter Stetina? 
what is the title where the airdate is december 5, 1964?
what is the number of series where the airdate is december 26, 1964?
Who was the actor/actress with a first appearance is 3 june 2007?
Who was the actor/actress with a last appearance of 1 january 2010 and total is 20 and character is vanessa 'nessa' jenkins?
What is the highest total number?
How many  characters where actor/actress is larry lamb?
What was the last appearance of actor/actress is pam ferris?
How many total are there when actor/actress is pam ferris?
How many different imports from Mercosur had a % of 18.0?
What is the GDP (ppp) in 2011 when the imports from Mercosur is 48.8?
What is the lowest GDP (ppp) per capita?
What was the original air date of "unprepared"?
Who directed the episode that had 12.88 million viewers?
What was the original air date of the episode written by amanda segel?
What was the original air date of the episode directed by gloria muzio?
Who wrote the episode "crash"?
What was the original air date of the episode directed by frederick e. o. toye?
What is every value of Top 10 when team is #10 Phil Parsons Racing and average finish is 22.9?
What is every year with average start of 27.2?
How many values of top 10 for 5th position?
What is every value for top 5 if average start is 21.9?
How many values for winnings correspond to average start of 19.0?
What is the name of the school in Lucas ? 
What was the pick number for Andrew Quarless? 
How many players are from Purdue? 
who are all the players when season mvp is less than 1.0 and second team is less than 1.0
when number of selection is 2 and first team is 1 who are all the player
what would be final four mvp maximum when first team is 1
when season mvp is larger than 1.0 what is the maximum number of selection
who is first team when dimitris diamantidis play.
What is the earliest term limit for the senator who resides in Coshocton? 
What is the party for district 27? 
How many party classifications are there for the senator from Canton? 
What is the party affiliation for Senator David Goodman? 
What is the term limit for Senator Tom Niehaus? 
What is the party affiliation for senator mark Wagoner? 
If the residence is Chagrin falls, who is the representative?
If first elected on 2003 (appt.), when was the term limited?
How many times was Scott Oelslager a representative?
In which district is the residence Dublin?
If the representative is Dave Hall, when was the term limited?
If the Representative is Barbara sears, what is the district number?
What is the original airdate of the episode titled "Taking it on the Chin"?
What is the original airdate of the episode that had 8.23 million viewers?
How many millions of viewers did Episode number 16 have?
What number in the series episode was titled "Puppy Love"?
Name the vessel type for beluga shipping
Name the vessel type for dof subsea
Name the most number in season 
Name  the narraed by for beluga shipping
Name the number of season for beluga shipping
Name the least number in series for james quinn
Name the least number in season for brad markowitz, william n. fordes & rené balcer
What institution is located in St. Peter? 
What is the enrollment for Augsburg college? 
What was the earliest date an institution was founded that joined in 1977? 
How many different types are allocated to the institution in Bridgewater, Massachusetts? 
What is the enrollment for the institution in Westfield, Massachusetts? 
Which institutions primary conference is merged into the university of Massachusetts boston? 
What is the football conference for Henniker, New Hampshire>?
What date did the institution that left in 2013 and that is nicknamed Corsairs, join? 
Who wrote title number 38?
Which match was the final score 7–6 (7–0) , 6–7 (5–7) , 4–6, 6–2, 6–7 (5–7)?
What is the blank ends when the skip is steve laycock?
What is the lowest ends won when w is 8?
How many times is the ends lost 49?
What is the pa when the skip is françois gagné?
If the qatari male is 1104, what is the grand total?
If the grand total is 5814, what is the total non qatar?
If the year is 2001, what are the non qatari female?
If the qatari female is 918, what is the total number of females?
How many outcomes occur for score in the final of 6–3, 6–4, 7–6 (13–11)?
How many outcomes occur on the date of January 31, 2010?
How many numbers correspond to the score in the final of  6–3, 6–4, 7–6 (13–11)?
How many championships are there when there are 6 points
When there are 2 wins, how many poles are?
What is the production code for episode #78?
What is the number of titles written by Charleen Easton?
What is the number of production codes for episode #73?
What is the number of air dates titled "The Big Job"?'
where is Fisk University located? 
What is the nickname of the institution that was founded in 1857? 
What is the enrollment for the institution nicknamed the panthers that left in 2012? 
What is the institution whose current conference is gcac (naia)? 
How many original artists were there for the Group Performance?
What song was used resulting in the bottom 3?
What is the theme for Audition week?
What was the results for top 12?
Who was the original artist for First Solo?
Which episode is #4?
What is every year for joined with the Ravens nickname?
What is every institution with a nickname of Ravens?
how many revised hepburn when english is roman characters
when chiji is revised hepburn what are all the english
how many number of english when kunrei-shiki is otya
how many kana spelling when english is mount fuji 
when english is tea how many nihon-shiki
What was the original airdate of the episode with production number 2x03?
How many episodes had production number 2x13?
What episode number was "Stumped Again / The Kick Stays in the Picture"?
How many different kickoffs happened when the oppenent was at Rhein Fire?
How many different kickoffs happened when the opponent was the Scottish Claymores
What is the lowest enrollment for Eastern Michigan University?
What is Kent State University's team nickname?
How many Kent State University's are there?
How many school teams are nicknamed "Bulldogs".
If the public is 4, what is the total?
How many results where given for the vote percentage 3.1%?
What couple had a vote percentage of 5.2%?
What was the vote % of Heather and Matt?
Who was the couple on the bottom two?
WHat was the max public with danniella and matthew?
If the overall viewers were 1.83 millions, what was the overall market share?
If the episode was number 234, what was it's timeslot?
What episode came out in the year 2007?
What was the timeslot for the episode in the year 2008?
How many times was the viewer target group 0.63?
Name the role for pick number 17
Name the brand for pick number 15
Name the employee real name for raw and superstar
What smallest amount in the weeks at peak column?
In which series did Lecor Sports participate?
How many times did he hold 12 poles?
In how many races did he have 8 podium finishes?
how many seasons  did he race in team Carlin?
How many entries are in the ranking for jacqueline kohl?
what measurement does the contestant from sindelfingen have?
for how many federal states is the city of lahnstein listed in the ranking?
who are the participants from hanover?
What is the highest numbred district that has brian w. thomas as an incumbent?
What was the status of the election featuring incumbent margaret kaiser?
What is the episode number in the season titled "65 million years off"?
How many episodes were directed by Arlene Sanford?
What was the title of the episode with a production code of 2010?
How many production codes had a US viewership of 4.43 million?
How many times is the opponents in the final is beti sekulovski cindy watson?
Who is the partner when the opponents in the final is stephanie dubois olga savchuk?
Which artist had a result of 4?
What is the minimum score given in judging panel points?
For the game whose developer was Ailive, is it a Move-only release?
How many titles/sources have a developer of Clover Studio?
What is the title and source for the game developed by Hydravision Entertainment?
What is the series # on airdate September 21, 2002?
what is the series number of the "harry bladder special"?
what was the name of episode 5?
when did 14.55 people watch?
What is the smallest top 10 figure?
What is the earliest year on the chart?
Which team had $15,785 in winnings?
How many positions are there for RB1 Motorsports?
What is the highest number of wins?
Who is the captain of Cardiff City?
How many kit makers are there for Louis Carey's team?
Who is the captain of Neil Warnock's team?
Who is the captain of Dave Jones' team?
Who is the chairman of Mark Robins team?
Name the release date xbox 360 for sea wolf
 What party was represented by incumbent Richard Coulter ? 
What was the result for Henry Daniel's race?
When was Henry Daniel first elected?
How many first elected years are provided for Thomas P. Moore?
What district is Joseph Lecompte in office in?
What party does joel r. poinsett represent?
What was the first elected year that featured incumbent andrew r. govan?
In what district is the incumbent Charles Fisher?
First elected in 1807 1817 in what district?
The candidates Charles Fisher (DR) 65.1% W. Jones (F) 34.9% is for what incumbent?
In district North Carolina 10, what are the candidates?
Candiates Charles Fisher (DR) 65.1% W. Jones (F) 34.9% had what result?
The district North Carolina 10 have what candidates?
Who were the incumbent(s) in the election featuring  john murray (dr) 50.4% george denison (dr) 49.6% with a result of a retired democratic-republican hold?
Who were the incumbent(s) when the result was a retired democratic-republican hold and the first elected representative was in 1816>
Who were the candidates in the election where william wilson was the incumbent?
Name the result for pennsylvania 8
Name the result for 1810
Name the district for hugh glasgow
Name the incumbent for lost re-election democratic-republican hold
Name the district for first elected 1810
What party does James Pleasants belong to?
When was William Kennedy first elected?
what was the section where the winner is william hoge
who was running where the winner is daniel montgomery
who was running in the section pennsylvania 5
Who was the incumbent in the district that first elected someone in 1807?
When was someone first elected in the district with incumbent john smith?
What party represents the district with incumbent matthew clay?
What party represents the district with john g. jackson?
How many times was the incumbent john dawson redistricted from the 15th district?
What is the party for the candidates edwin gray (dr)?
What is the result in the virginia 11 district?
What is the district with the candidates edwin gray (dr)?
How many incumbents were first elected in 1797 with the candidates abram trigg (dr)?
What is the production code when the u.s. viewers (million) is 11.76?
What was the u.s. viewers (millions) when the production code was 4alh19?
Who wrote the episode titled "big kings on campus"?
How many episodes have the title "revenge of the mummy"?
What is the operator name when the distance is 3105km?
What is the distance for the train nameno is hapa sup express /12997?
what is the no when the distance is 4168km?
How many millions of people watched the episode "The Grandfather"?
How many people wrote the episode with 3.40 million U.S viewers?
How many MotoGP winners were there when the circuit was Catalunya?
Who are all the Moto2 winners when the grand prix was Shell Advance Malaysian Grand Prix?
Who are all the motogp winners when the circuit was Catalunya?
What was the area (km²) (per sqmi) of the country Colombia?
What was the maximum population of the country with Quito as capital?
What was the population of a country with a population density of 14.3/km² (/sqmi)?
What was the area (km²) (per sqmi) of a country with a population density per km² of 8.4/km² (/sqmi)?
What was the country with a population density per km² of 3.5/km² (/sqmi)?
What is the capital of the country with a population density per km² of 15.6/km² (/sqmi)?
what is the position for pick # 103?
What is the pick # for nhl team vancouver canucks?
What is the nationality of the player kevin stevens?
What is the highest pick number for player don barber?
What is the college/junior/club team for player don barber?
What is the nhl team for the position centre and nationality united states?
What country do the Winnipeg Jets come from?
How many teams got pick number 130?
Where are the Buffalo Sabres from?
When "the legacy" is the title what is the production code?
When harvey laidman is the director what is the season number?
When 3.89 is the production code how many season numbers are there?
How many episodes is episode number 4 in the series?
How many million viewers watched episode 3 in the series?
Who wrote "pocket pussy"?
How many episodes are titled "it's called hazing, look it up"?
What is the maximum home attendance if the average is 11,322?
What is title numer 103's rank for weekly rank sky1?
What was the rank by Weekly Rank Sky1 for title number 97?
What was the weekly rank by Virgin media for the title aired on May 20, 2010?
A what time was the title aired in October 22, 2009
What is the hand number of the hand where player 1 is south and the east wind is prevailing?
What is player 1 when player 3 is South and the prevailing wind is South?
Who directed the episode that had 0.54 million U.S. viewers? 
Who wrote the teleplay for the episode directed by Tim Robbins? 
Who directed the episode that had 0.57 million U.S. viewers? 
What number episode in the season was watched by 0.49 million U.S. viewers? 
How many times is the series italian and the circuit is valencia?
Who had the fastest lap for the circuit magione?
Who had the fastest lap when the winning driver is giorgio sanna?
Who had the fastest lap when the winning driver was kristian ghedina?
What is the title of the episode directed by Romeo Tirone?
When did the episode written by Abe Sylvia originally air?
Which episode number had a viewership of 0.56 million?
Who was the writer in the episode directed by Jesse Peretz?
With the Royal Navy as Combatants B, what was the result?
In what conflicts was the Italian Navy Combatants B?
How many battles resulted in Battle of the Yellow Sea?
What is Paul Coward 492cc nourish Weslake's lowest rank?
What was the time on Monday August 23rd for Steve Linsdell 499cc royal enfield seeley?
Does the model e5504 have a turbo boost?
What is the speed of model x5560?
What is the maximum L3 cache of the processor whose speed is 2.00 GHZ, has a QPI speed of 4.8 gt/s, and is model e5504?
How many models numbered L5506 have a QPI speed?
What was game 3 when there were under 2.61m viewers?
How many episodes had 4.44m viewers?
What committees do the district 46 members serve on?
Name the least league apps for total apps of 5 
Name the least fa cup goals with fa cup apps being 2 and fw 
Name the total apps for league apps being 4
Please mention those appointment dates those are replaced by alfredo aglietti
Mention all the applicable team who are replaced by gianluca atzori
For team reggina please mention all the outgoing manager 
For team ascoli please mention all the appointment date.
For outgoing manager is alberto malesani mention all the applicable replaced by person
For livorno team mention all the manner of departure
Phil Klemmer wrote all titles and production code is 3t6455. 
Season 9 all the titles were no. in series.
Title is the total number where u.s. viewers (million) is 7.56.
How many items appear in the written by column in episode 3?
What episode was written by Matt Maclennan?
What is largest total number that was written by Sheri Elwood?
Name the number of ratings for "forests of prejudice"
Name the air date for ratings of 2.19 million
Name who directed the air date of 12 july 2010
Name the least episode number for jonathan harvey
Name the total number of written by for 26 july 2010
Which season had a result of 1–0 (aet)?
What is the date in the 2007-08 season where the away team was the kaizer chiefs?
How many dates are shown for the home team of orlando pirates and result of 1–3?
What is the division where the result was 0–2?
What is the date where the home team was kaizer chiefs and the division was mtn 8 semi-final?
What are the L2 cache specifications of part number amql64dam22gg?
What is the operating voltage of part number amql64dam22gg?
What are the possible multipliers for 1900MHz processors?
How many thermal design power levels does part number amql65dam22gg have?
What kind of sockets does a 2100MHz Athlon X2 QL-64 use?
What is the total number of years active listings where Asian Cup played as a captain is Japan 1992?
How many matches as captain were played where Asian Cup played as a captain is Qatar 1988
What were the years active where Asian Cup played as a captain is Iran 1976?
What were the years active where Asian Cup played as a captain is Qatar 1988?
Who is the first driver(s) when the country is romania?
How many times is last/current driver(s) 3 november 2013 is adderly fong ( 2013 )?
Who is the last/current driver(s) 3 november 2013 when first driver(s) is marlon stöckinger , kotaro sakurai ( 2011 )?
What is the country when last/current driver(s) 3 november 2013 is daniel abt ( 2012 )?
 How many losses did the club who had 9 bonus points and 11 wins have?
How many bonus points did the club who had 379 points for have?
Which club had 5 bonus points?
How many bonus points did the club who had 18 losses have?
How many points for did Munster have?
How many points against did the club who had 353 points for have? 
What was the team the Suns played against in game number 4?
Who got the most points in game number 5?
What is the default desktop environment when the code base is ubuntu 8.04 and edition is fluxbox ce?
What is the compatible repository when the version is old version, no longer supported: 9 and default desktop environment is lxde?
What is the the codename when the code base is ubuntu 8.04 and the edition is fluxbox ce?
What is the default desktop environment when the edition is kde and the compatible repository is ubuntu 13.04?
What is the version when the codename is ada?
What is the version when the compatible reposityory is xubuntu 10.04
What is the highest population in 2001?
What district is known in Armenian as քանաքեր-զեյթուն?
What is the Armenian name of the district that is 8.37 km² large?
What is the name of the soccer stadium in NL providence?
which providence's soccer stadium was founded in 2005?
What is the team mascot for the soccer team in Charlottetown?
Which province has the soccer stadium that holds 4,000 people?
Which University's soccer stadium in named Moncton Stadium?
Name the current womens lacrosse conference for 6000 enrollment
Name the city for enrollment being 19900
Name the current womens lacrosse conference for bison
Name the most founded for bison
How many weeks was K.Maro at #1?
How many weeks was France at #1?
Name the number one singles for week 1 being 5
Name the straight to number 1 for tribal king
Name the number one singles for  desvarieux, jacob
Name the least weeks at number 1 for 1988
What is the name of the episode that was written by Scott M. Gimple?
What is the title of the episode with a production code of 2j5504?
How many people wrote the episode with a production code of 2j5507?
What was the latest number in series that was directed by Skip Sudduth?
What number in season had 10.18 million US viewers?
What was the original air date of the episode that was directed by Alex Zakrzewski?
What number in season is number 141 in series?
What province was New Plymouth formed from?
Why was Otago formed?
What provinces were formed from New Munster?
How many provinces are named Wellington?
What provinces were formed from New Munster?
If the decision was by Lalime, when in January was it made?
If the game was on January 21, which game was it?
If the score is 5-3, who made the decision?
If the opponent was the Philadelphia flyers, what was the record?
If the record was 22-21-5, who was the opponent?
If the opponent was @ Boston Bruins, what was the Location/Attendance?
What day in February was the team 17-29-7?
What was the teams record when they played the ottawa senators?
What was the team's rcord on february 1?
What day in February did the team play the boston bruins?
In what season did Pons Racing compete?
What's the f/laps count for the team with 8 podiums?
In what season did Pons Racing compete?
What is the lowest stage when the yellow jersey is Ronan Pensec?
How many bends occur when the yellow jersey is Lance Armstrong and stage winner is Lance Armstrong?
What is every yellow jersey entry for the distance 125?
Who is every stage winner at the distance of 162.5?
What is the lowest entry for bend when Federico Echave is the stage winner?
How many entries for start of stage occur in the year 2006?
How much power does dwzf have?
What is the branding for callsign dypv?
What is the branding for the station located in san jose del monte?
How many call signs does the location masinloc, zambales have?
What is the frequency of the station located in polangui, albay?
If the mountains classification is Mathias Frank, and the General Classification is Fabian Cancellara, what is the Points classification?
If the stage is smaller than 5.0, and the points classification is by Marco Marcato, who is the General classification by?
How many different people had a General Classification on Stage 5?
How many times was Robert Gesink a winner?
If the winner is Rui Costa, who made the mountains classification?
What was Team 1 Junior's points?
What was the 2nd leg score  if the team 1 is Deportivo Pasto?
Who was the team 2 that played against team 1 Atlético la Sabana?
How many new points were earned by rk 26?
How many points were won where new points was 1680?
What are the maximum points defended when points won are smaller than 720.0?
What are the total points for sd 15?
What is the total number of sd listings where the status is quarterfinals lost to Novak Djokovic [1]?
How many different counts for won points does Flavia Pennetta have?
What's Kaia Kanepi's Sd?
What's the status of the player with 3041 points?
When 62 is the number in series who is the writer?
When steve holland is the writer what is the air date?
When 231 is the production code what is the title?
When there are 5.2 million u.s. viewers how many numbers in series are there?
Name the total number of outgoing manager for villarreal b
Name the date of appointment for 26 may 2011
Name the outgoing manager for esteban vigo
Name the number of team for 19th position
Name the manner of departure for luis enrique
Who was the opponent in the Women's Cup 0 0 where Brancão Couto 0 is the scorer?
What is the result of the game where the opponent is Innsbrucker Kilmarnock CSK VVS Samara?
How many seasons was the opponent Vamos Idaliou Krka Novo Mesto SV Neulengbach?
Who were the scorers in the game with final score 0–4 7–1 0–3?
Name the kickoff for rheinstadion
Who had the high point total on october 20?
What was the series record at after game 3?
What was the location and attendance for game 2?
Who had the most points and how many did they have on April 22? 
Who had the most assists and how many did they have on October 5? 
List all artists with choreographer Marcos Aguirre and a simple rating.
How many times was the overall attendance 17807?
What is the overall attendance in the places where the average attendance was 17148?
What season was the average attendance is 16043?
What was the overall record in the season where average attendance was 16720?
Name the high assists for march 14
Who had high assists in game number 9?
Who had high assists in the game played at Oklahoma city arena 17,509?
Which team played on November 15?
Which series had a score of  l 103–112 (ot)?
What was the location and attendance when lebron james (10) had the high assists?
How many teams were there when  chris bosh , lebron james (8) had the  high rebounds?
Which location and what was the attendance when lebron james (10) had the high assists?
Who led in assists on January 17, and with how many?
What was the score of the January 8 game?
What game number was on January 14?
what is the date of the game that the high assists is raymond felton (4)?
How many games were on october 17?
What is the record for the game against team @ Minnesota?
What is the date the high points was by toney douglas (23)?
How many episodes had an audience of exactly 25.3 million viewers in the U.S.A.?
Who had the high points when high assists is tim duncan (5)?
what is the date when the location attendance is energysolutions arena 19,911?
how many times is the team oklahoma city?
what is the game where the high points is by manu ginóbili (26)?
what is the location attendance when the record is 39–7?
What is the maximum basketball game?
How many entries are shown for  high points when the score was  l 87–89 (ot)?
What was the other team in game 11?
Who scored the high points for the game with record 9–3?
Name the date for washington
Name the record for 23 game
Name the most game for december 1
What was the score of the game against portland?
Who had the high assist total on january 27?
What is the location and attendance of game 70?
What team was the opponent when josh smith (8) had the high assists?
What is the game number where josh smith (4) had the high assists?
What is the series number when al horford (10) had the high rebounds?
What is every team with location attendance of Philips Arena 12,140?
How many games were played on october 16?
What is the score of game 4?
What is the score of the game played on october 16?
What is the team played on october 5?
who had high assists on november 12?
What is the date when the high points is michael beasley , martell webster (16)?
What is the game with the team indiana?
Who had high rebounds when the date was march 25?
What is the highest game with the score l 96–103 (ot)?
What is the team when the high points were by wesley johnson (20)?
what is the record for date december 11?
who had high assists on december 3?
where was the location that had game 19?
Where was the game played and what was the attendance on May 13?
What was the location and the attendance for the game on October 12?
Name the use for amd opteron dual-core 2.6ghz
Name the number of processors for nec sx-4 vector processor
Name the most peak performance for october 2006 - january 2010
Name the cpu type for  june 2005 - april 2009
Name the total number of model for amd opteron dual-core 2.6ghz
Name the number of processors for october 2006 - january 2010
What was the result for the cirtcuit where the LMPC winning team was #89 Intersport Racing?
how many winnings does jeff gordon have?
what are the minimum points for tommy kendall?
what is the minimum position with 31 points?
who is the driver that had winnings of $225,000?
How many different standards have a PM of 0.02 g/kWh?
What's the HC for the Euro I standard?
What's the HC for the standard with NO x of 7.0 g/kWh?
What's the PM for the standard with 12.3 g/kWh CO?
What's the NO of the standard with HC of 1.23 g/kWh?
What number in the season was "Burning Down the House"?
What was the original air date of the episode that had 5.42 million viewers?
How many episodes were titled "I Wish I Was the Moon"?
How many million viewers watched "You Smell like Dinner"?
What is the episode number of "Dance Cards and Greeting Cards"?
How many people saw the game won by G. Claypool (4-1)?
What was the overall record in the game won by D. Klein (2-0)?
What was the overall record of the game lost by A. Pracher (4-1)?
What was the PAC-10 record of the game played on April 20?
How many different numbers are there for the game played on April 23?
Who directed "running the gauntlet"?
Wat episode number had 5.46 million viewers?
What episode in the series had 5.24 million viewers?
Who wrote the episode that had 5.93 million viewers?
Who wrote "what you mean by home"?
In what edition was the opponent team Zimbabwe? 
What was the outcome in the 2010 Europe/Africa Group IIB edition? 
What was the team's record against philadelphia?
What day did they play the phoenix suns?
Who had the high point total when they were 8-5?
Who had the high assist total when the team was 0-1?
Who had highest points during game against the Utah Jazz?
What location with it's corresponding attendance was the game against Utah Jazz?
What were the scores of the games with a record of 47-34?
Who performed the most rebounds on games against the Minnesota Timberwolves?
Who manufactured the car driven by Will Power and Scott Dixon had the most laps?
Who had the pole position in Detroit?
Who was the driver in round 4?
Who had the pole position in Milwaukee?
Who was the driver in round 8?
What race did Simon Pagenaud have the most laps in?
what is the name of the episode whose director is Michael Pressman and the number of that episode in that season is less than 10.0? 
how many millions of North American people saw the episode whose director was Ed Sherin? 
what is the name of the episode whose writer is philippe browning?
how many premieres had the episode that had 12.68 millions of north american viewers? 
how many episodes in the series had as a production code 16016? 
What car make was sponsored by Aflac?
How many points and bonuses did Kurt Busch get?
What make was the car driven by Jeff Gordon?
What was the greatest number of laps run?
What is the represent province for the contestant whose hometown is Woerden? 
How many contestants are 1.80 mtr. in height? 
Which episode had viewership of 0.296 million?
How many timeslots had viewers of 0.238 million?
Which episode was #1 in the order?
What's the density in the district with 2320529 citizens in 2011?
What's the code of the district in which 312520 people lived in 2011?
What's the code of the district with 800.5 people per km2?
How many people lived in the district with a code GP in 2011?
How many people lived in the district whose headquarters is in Bhubaneswar in 2001?
How big (in km2) is the district with a code BW?
What is the number of this season's episode that had the production code 2t6206?
What episode number of the series had a production code of bdf409?
What episode number of the season was written by Tom Garrigus and had 2.31 million u.s. viewers?
What is the highest numbered episode in the series?
What episode number in the series had a production code of bdf405?
Who is the operator when Roe was the bodybuilder?
What is the variant when Alexander was the bodybuilder?
Who was the bodybuilder when Coventry was operating?
How many different variants are there for Northern Counties bodybuilder?
Who is the operator when willowbrook was the bodybuilder?
How many teams had a point margin of 48?
How many teams eliminated béziers from competition?
Who was eliminated from the competition when pau proceed to the quarter final?
Who was eliminated from the competition when connacht to the quarter final?
Who proceeded to the quarter final when the london irish were eliminated from competition?
What was the aggregate score for the match won by Brive?
What was the match points score for the match won by Connacht?
What was the aggregate score for the match won by Viadana?
Name the cfl team for patrice denis
Name the cfl team for robert beveridge
Name the college for dl
Name the number of colleges for jerome pathon
Name the number of cfl teams for jeff traversy
Name the position for british columbia
What episode in the series is "teased"?
What date did "sympathy" originally air?
What original air date was the episode with production code of 5.05?
Who wrote episode with production code 1.01?
What is the title when the director is Maynard C. Virgil i ?
Who is the director when the title is listed as "all guts, no glory"?
Who is the director when the production code is 60034?
What number episode in the series was titled "Best Laid Plans"?
What episode number in the series is "the drum major"?
What is the name of the episode with 418 as the production code?
What episoe number in the season originally aired on February 11, 1988?
What episode number in the series is also number 17 in the season?
What is the production code for episode 96 in the series?
What is the production code that was written by matt robinson?
Which title has 147 as no. in series?
What is the original air date the was written by mark st. germain and direct by jay sandrich?
What are the networks whose version of the show includes the judges batuhan zeynioğlu piatti murat bozok erol kaynar?
How many networks are there that include the judges pete goffe-wood andrew atkinson benny masekwameng?
How many networks are there whose version of the shows includes judges tba and the presenter is Arbana Osmani?
How many sets of presenters are there for the version of the show named Celebrity Masterchef?
Who is the incumbent of district pa-8?
How many incumbents are in district la-1?
Who directed the episode whose production code is pabf05?
What is the last number in season of the episodes written by Dan Vebber?
What is the number in season of the episode whose production code is pabf05?
When were the Spartans founded?
How many affiliations does the University of Toledo have?
What is the affiliation of Davenport University?
What is the highest 2001 population when the ethnic group is white: british?
What is the ethnic group when the 2011 % is 2.0?
How many times is the ethnic group other: total?
How many times is the 2001 population 237810?
What is the highest 2011 population when the ethnic group is asian or asian british: asian other?
Name the affiliation for 27209 enrollment
Name the least founded
Name the founded for florida state university
Name the location for yellow jackets
How many college teams have a player with a nationality of Russia?
Which pick did Michel Larocque receive?
Which team picked Blaine Russell?
How many entries for district home are listed for the 87th congress?
What time span is listed under years for the 96th congres?
What party is listed for the Representative under the 85th congress?
How many entries are listed for party during the 69th congress?
What frame of time is listed under years during the 72nd congress?
What name is listed under representative for the 112th congress?
What is the value of the runner up column for the Alberta province?
What year was Ontario's first LLCR?
What is the pinyin name for the english name xin county?
What is the area of 罗山县?
What is the English name of gùshǐ xiàn?
How many simplified names are there for xin county?
What is the density of the place with an area of 1512?
What is the area of xin county?
How many positions are associated with the St. Louis Blues?
Which junior team is associated with an NHL pick by the Buffalo Sabres?
Which position was selected for by the Toronto Maple Leafs?
How many different college/junior/club teams had player John Dzikowski?
What pick was Greg Strome?
What is the gender of the  cunningham hill infant school?
What is the gender with a age range of 3-11 at the st adrian roman catholic primary school?
Which school has a website of http://www.sjfisher.herts.sch.uk/?
What is the website of the cunningham hill infant school?
Where is the cunningham hill infant school located?
How many schools have a website of http://www.camp.herts.sch.uk/?
Name the event 3 deadlift for hennie jordan
How many rebounds per game did Andrej Džaković average when playing 35  minutes per game?
What are all the winning records when the result is Scotland won on points table and the Runner-Up result is [[|]] 4 points?
What is the runner-up record where winner record is Ireland 59 points?
Which nation hosted the competition in 2004?
What was the final venue whene England hasted the competition and the runner-up record is [[|]] 4 points and the winner record is [[|]] 6 points?
What is the most recent year in which the winner record is Ireland 4 points?
under which president was gunther volz executed?
who was executed during president charles de gaulle's reign for thr crime of child murder after rape?
where was mazouz ghaouti executed?
for what crime was gunther volz executed at metz?
How many of Asian release statuses does Uno HD have?
Which titles have been published by Gamehouse Live?
What was pinky's bmi at the reunion?
What was miles's bmi att the reunion?
How many lbs were lost at the reunion by the contestant whose finale weight was 151.4?
How many contestants had a starting bmi of 33.1?
What is the reunion weight of the contestant that lost 52 lbs at the reunion?
What is the reunion weight of the contestant who lost 74.4 lbs at the finale?
Who is the team when the category is blocks per game?
What is the listed in games played when the player is jimmy alapag?
What is the team when player is listed as Ronjay Buenafe?
What is the name of the player when the category is listed as field goal percentage?
What is the games played when the category is points per game?
Who is the player when the category is steals per game?
What are the names of the categories when the player is olsen racela?
How many times is a total listed when the player is Jay Washington?
What is the total listed when the average is 0.667 and the category is 3-pt field goal percentage?
What is the name of the player when the category is 3-pt field goal percentage?
What are the titles of episodes with 5.66 million US viewers?
What are the titles of episodes directed by whitney ransick?
Who wrote the episode with 3.96 million US viewers?
What was the maximum value that Christer Tornell gave when Trine Dehli Cleve gave a 9?
How many points per game did Jack Williams score?
How many games did Robert Peare play?
How many free throws did Charles Pearman score?
How many points per game did Benjamin Weiss score?
How many points per game did the person who played in 15 games and made 0 free throws score?
How many shared titles does the club whose last final was 2012 have?
What was the year of the last final for the club whose last title was 1990?
What is the minimum number of shared titles for the club whose last final was in 2006?
What is the latest year of last final for the club whose last title was in 1994?
What are the number of runners up for Royal School Dungannon?
What is the track whent the vocal percussionist is unknown?
Who is the arranger when the vocal percussionist is Alexei Kalveks and Dave Brennan?
What is the original artist when the vocal percussionist is Alexei Kalveks?
How many km 2 does the area with nominal GDP and 16,852,000,000 in usd(2012) cover?
How few km 2 does the  area with Nay Pyi Taw as capital cover?
How many HDI (2012) does the area with nominal GDP and 14,246,000,000 USD (2012) have?
What is the 2012 population of Indonesia?
What is the HDI 2012) of the area with nominal GDP per capita and $849 USD(2012)?
What are the numbers for GDP (nominal) per capita and USD (2012) of the area with Phnom Penh as capital?
What is the distance of jockey Jason Titley?
What is the name of the jockey for Pink Gin?
The location attendance is ford center 17,021 on what dates?
In game 73, what were the total number of high assists?
What is the location for the game on October 20 with it's corresponding attendance?
Who directed episode 11 of the season?
Which player has a 50 of 2?
How many 100 for the player with 3 50s?
What is the average for the player from Lancashire 1 100?
How many episode titles does episode 19 in the season have?
How many people watched "it's better to burn out than fae away"?
How many different title names had 358,000 viewers?
if the bbi is 4/39 what is the average
if the economy is 3.63 what is the bbi
in the leage what was the minimum 4wi
What is the poor law union on Marshalstown?
What is the maximum acres in Castledermot?
What is the civil parish of Aghafullim?
How many acres is the townland of Maddenstown Middle?
How many original air dates did the episode directed by Bethany rooney have?
What is the production code for the episode that aired on October 15, 2004?
What is the original air date for episode graeme clifford directed and lindsay sturman wrote?
Who was the player that was picked by Los Angeles Kings?
What nationality was peter slamiar?
What team did the New York Rangers recruit a player from?
How many countries had players named Marc Savard get picked?
What country does the player who joined the Vancouver Canucks originally hail from?
How many times did Alyn McCauley get picked?
Which nationality has left wing as the position and college/junior/team is portland winterhawks (whl)?
Which nhl team has the player kevin mckay?
How many picks have canada as the nationality and larry courville is the player?
Which pick has marko makinen as the player?
What college club team did the Dallas Stars choose their draft pick from?
Who was picked for the draft by St. Louis Blues?
Which stadium is located in Adelaide, South Australia? 
In what location was a stadium built for the St Kilda Football Club?
What is the location of the Moorabbin Oval stadium?
What was the stadium in Adelaide, South Australia built for? 
What was the stadium in Moorabbin, Victoria built for?
What was the capacity at construction of the stadium in Gold Coast, Queensland? 
how many total number of moto2/250cc when country is united states
how many minimum 350cc has
how many country has moto3/125cc with 15
When arthur collins is the winner what is the reason?
When ihaia tainui is the incumbent what is the date?
When rangitikei is the electorate who is the winner?
When waikaia is the electorate what is the highest by-election?
When 1881 is the by-election and death is the reason who is the incumbent?
What is the name of the partner that has a winner outcome and a hard surface?
How many week 2 scores have a week 7 score of 40 + 40 = 80?
What is the smallest week 3 score?
Which couple had a week 2 score of exactly 23?
When "the secret of deep stadium" is the episode title what is the lowest series number?
when 68 is the episode number what is the series number?
when 69 is the episode number what is the air date?
What draft pick is a goaltender?
What position does Olaf Kolzig play?
What team drafted a player from Sweden?
How many company commanders were commissioned or elected on November 12, 1861?
What are the counties who company commander is Captain James R. Jackson and whose election of commission date is April 29, 1861?
In the 250 series on clay what were the scores?
what is the most amount of cattle where they live in british columbia
what is the most number where cattle is 13000
what is the amount where the area is new brunswick
what is the location where there are over 200 cattle businesses
what is the least amount of cattle head
what is the least amount of milk cattle in ontario
How many millions of U.S viewers watched the episode titled "Miss Mystic Falls"?
What is the production code of the episode that was watched by 3.81 million U.S. viewers? 
Who wrote the episode titled "There Goes the Neighborhood"? 
Who wrote the episode with a production code of 116?
What number episode in the series had and original United States air date of December 24, 2010?
What number episode in the series was titled "My Fair Rebound"?
Who wrote the episode directed by Jos Humphrey that had an original Canadian air date that was unknown and a United States original air date of August 27, 2011?
What is the original United States air date of the episode written by Mike Ferris? 
Who was Andrew and Georgies guest when Jamie and Johns guest was Joe Calzaghe?
What were the scores when Jamie and Johns guest was Phillips Idowu?
When was episode 02x02 first broadcast?
Who was Andrew and Georgies guest when Jamie and Johns guest was Jessica Ennis?
When was episode 02x07 first broadcast?
List all the MCs with peak ranking of 6 who were inducted in 2007.
List all the MCs with 5 appearances who were inducted in 2007?
How many appearances by Meek Mill?
What are the championship venues where the score was 6–7 (4–7) , 3–6?
On what surface was the Australian Open (6) played on?
Who was Bob Bryan's partner/s on a hard surface in 2003?
which vessel area was called for on november 30, 1970
what project was initially started before september 20, 1968
when was the first start date that actually began on august 6, 1969
where is the boat area that began on november 30, 1970
Who directed the episode with production code ip01003? 
How many poles does the European F3 Open series have?
What is the maximum season that has exactly 2 podiums?
How many episodes of the season had the title, "world's greatest dick"?
How many dates did "dick jokes" originally air on?
Who wrote "romeo & Juliet & dick"?
Who wrote episode 23 of the season?
How many seasons are there for the 3rd position?
What season was the team autosport academy?
What is the series for race 7
What season shows podium 7?
How many French heads of state have a head of mission of Xavier Daufresne de la Chevalerie?
What city is Tiffin University located in?
What is the enrollment at the private university?
What is the original air date when the director is Rowan Woods and the writer is Peter Duncan?
How many sources are there for south africa?
What is the premiere date of the american disney xd tron uprising site?
What country is in the region of France?
What is airing for the series premiere of  june 7, 2012?
What is showing for airing in south africa?
What is the title in Canada?
What was the best finish for 206 on the money list?
How many ranks on the money list had a best finish of t10?
Which money list ranks had a best finish of 2?
What is Jonathan Kaye's money list ranking?
Where is Cameron Beckman's rank on the money list?
When 6 is the w what is the pa?
When 5 is the l what is the lowest amount of stolen ends?
When 52 is the ends won what is the skip(club)?
When jeff currie (port arthur) is the skip (club) what is the lowest amount of stolen ends?
How many million people in the US saw the episode with production code 105?
Who directed the episode that had 1.48 million viewers in the U.S.?
what is the status for seed 14
which player had the status to the fourth round lost to tsvetana pironkova [32] Answers:
how many new points does the player roberta vinci have?
How many o-19% are where the quartier is in saint-loup?
how many 20-39% are in pont-de-vivaux?
the quartier menpenti has how many 40-59 year olds?
What episode number in the series was directed by Winrich Kolbe?
What episode number in the season is "many happy returns"?
How many episodes in the season were named "knight sting"?
What is the position for the university of akron michigan bucks affiliation 
What is the position for the university of north carolina carolina dynamo affiliation 
how many pick# does the chivas usa  mls team have
how many pick# does the university of akron reading united michigan bucks affiliation have
what is the position for the united states u-20 affiliation 
How many stolen ends did the skipper whose locale was British Columbia have? 
What is the title of the episode with a production code of FL209?
Who directed the episode that was watched by 2.67 million U.S. viewers?
What number episode in the season was titled "Shattered"?
What is the lowest value for int. caps?
How many trains are there for the route via trivandrum, ernakulam, newdelhi?
What is the route for the destination of  guruvayur?
How many route/via's are there for the ernad express?
What is the destination of the route kulitthurai,neyyattinkara?
What is the train number for the train name island express with a destination of kanniyakumari?
How many reservations for sc/st are there in constituency 191?
Which locations had their first year in 2001? 
How many editions did Club Q-base concept have ? 
What is the lowest value for runs when the average is 42.36?
How many entries for 50 occur when strike rate is 92.81?
What is the lowest value for innings?
What is every strike rate when cathces/stumpings is 13/1?
What is every high score for a strike rate of 84.88?
How many entries for 100 occur when the average is 15.78?
What is the chromosomal location of il-1β?
What are the coreceptors of the chromosomes in that location 11q22.2-q22.3?
How many different chromosomal locations are there in the family il-1f8?
Where is il-36β located?
What are the names listed in the family  il-1f2?
Which chromosomes have an unknown property?
Name the least mister international
Name the most total for south korea
Name the semifinalists for singapore
Name the number of semifinalists for 19 rank
Where was d: ~50nm, l: ~600nm geometry researched?
How many materials are there for output power of ~0.1 pw per cycle (calculated)?
What is the output power for the v p =~3 mv output voltage?
How many synthesis are there for 5~16.2 pw per cycle (calculated) output power?
Where was d: ~100nm, l: 1 μm geometry researched?
Where was d: 25~70nm, l: 10~20 μm geometry researched?
Who are all providers with destination of Liverpool?
What is every entry for intermediate stops for the destination of Manchester?
How many route numbers occur for the origin of Birmingham and destination of Bristol?
What is every origin for the destination of Manchester?
How many providers have a destination of Blackpool?
What is the maximum number of starts?
What is the maximum number of poles?
What is the minimum number of poles?
What is the minimum number of poles?
Name the date for  s. valentino alla muta , italia
Name the date for 2011 and position larger than 2.0
Name the discipline for 1561 fis points
Name the position for fis points being 3495
who was the umpire when the wc match was 10
what is the number of the wc matches if the matches were 79
in which country whe wc maches was 15
what is the number of the least matches
if the matches are 16 what is the wc matches
Which barony contains a townland with an area 24 acres?
How many different civil parishes is Canrooska a part of?
What poor law union is Curradonohoe a part of?
What is the barony for the Ballintaggart townland?
What is the poor law union for the Barnahely towland?
What is the barony of the townland whose area is 150 acres? 
In which townlands is the civil parish Monkstown? 
Which townland has an area of 165 acres?
Name the total number of barony for kilmore
Name the poor law union for area being 332
How many townlands are there for caheragh and is larger than 270 acres?
Which civil parish is for the townland clooncugger?
How many poor law unions have an area of 262 acres and is in drinagh civil parish?
How many current account balances are associated with GDP at constant prices growth rates of 4.6?
How many export volume of goods/services values are associated with GDP at constant prices values of 3.072?
How many export volume of goods and services values are associated with GDP at current prices of 161.340?
What is the current account balance for an export volume of goods and service value of -4.2?
What is the current account balance for a GDP at current prices of 142.640?
What is the GDP at constant prices for a current account balance of 12.8?
Tell me the games for total less than 4 for swimming 1968
Tell me the total number of bronze for silver being 0 and sport of wrestling and total more than 3
Tell me the lowest Bronze for gold of 3 in the winter for cross-country skiing and silver less than 0
What is the lowest round for an offensive guard when the overall is smaller than 150?
Which college was the player selected from in round 1?
Tell me the DA for bureau chief ada
Tell me the left office for enrico la loggia
Tell me the portfolio of minister of carlo giovanardi
Tell me the left office for mirko tremaglia
What School/Club Team has a Player named Juan Dixon and a Position of guard?
Which Player's Position is guard and played in Toronto during the Years 2007-08?
What Player is from Argentina and whose position is a guard-forward?
What School/Club Team played in Toronto during 2012?
What was the result of the syracuse grand prix?
What year has a result of 3 in the venue of Jarama.
Tell me the highest opponents for record of 7-3 and vikings points more than 7
Tell me the most attendance for game less than 1
Tell me the surface of 2 december 1974
Name the score for moscow, ussr 15 february 1971
Name the lowest year for 12th position
Tell me the competition for half marathon
Tell me the category of na director
I want to know the highest heat rank for overall rank of t63 and time less than 25.47
Tell me the country for lane of 6
Tell me the overall rank for heat rank of 8
What Name has the 2012 Club Radnički?
Tell me the position of chris clark
Tell me the nhl team for 74
Tell me the pick for canada centre
Tell me the format for geffen of the united states
Tell me the format for worldwide region july 22, 2008
Tell me the label for digital download for bonus tracks version
Which team has a rank of 6?
Name the horsepower for VIN code of h and engine for 351-2v cleveland v8
Name the horsepwer for compression ratio of 9.00:1 and carburetor of 2-barrel and engine 302-2v windsor v8
Tell me the VIN code for compression ratio of 10.50:1
Tell me the network for 13 january 2009
Tell me the prize for belgium
Tell me the 13 january 2009 host
Tell me the host for rtl-tvi
I want to meet that has a time 2:15.93
Tell me the location of lithuania 12 october 2013
Tell me the title of work for year more than 2009
When was there a Result of 8–0 and a Score of 1–0?
What was the result of Bridgeview, Illinois?
When did a Competition of friendly, and a Score of 2–1, and a Venue of philadelphia , pennsylvania occur?
What was the score on June 28, 2009?
Tell me the nationality of pick 140
Tell me the position for pick of 146
Tell me the NHL team for mike gaffney
Tell me the nationality of pick of 153
Tell me the player for pick of 145
What tournament took place on October 11, 2013?
Which tournament took place on June 18, 2013?
What is the average week on November 7, 1976 with an attendance less than 46,735?
Who is the opponent for week 5?
Tell me the highest overall rank for heat rank more than 4 and lane less than 2
Who is the partner with a runner-up outcome on April 6, 1992?
What outcome occurs on a hard surface with a score of 4–6, 6–7(3)?
On what date did Lori McNeil play as a partner with a score of 6–7(6), 5–7?
What is the most losses that the Royals had when they had a percentage over 0.461, won over 86 games, and finished 2nd in 1953?
Tell the opponent of eastbourne with score of 6–0, 5–7, 3–6
Tell me the outcome of 2–6, 1–6
Tell me the surface for eastbourne 14 june 1999
Tell me the category for result of won and year more than 2009
Tell me the nominated work larger than 2011
Tell me the result for primetime emmy awards
Tell me the 1998 Broadway with barry cavanagh
Tell me the 1979 Broadway for dana solimando
Tell me the character for 1998 drake english
Tell me the 1955 broadcast for kent fletcher
Tell me the 1991 broadway for george rose
What competition was held 1 March 1909?
Tell me the total number of gold for total less than 1
Tell me the model for total production of 1347
What is the total amount of Gold from guatemala and silver smaller than 0?
Tell me the event for 2012 london games
Tell me the games for men's 5000 metres
When did the w 20-19 happen?
What was the attendance of the w 28-13 game?
Tell me the voting turnout for 1985 general elections
What is total number of wins for England?
The Soviet Union has won more than 2 Silver, but how many Bronzes?
What are the election totals for David Cook who has 6,963 votes and 21.3 percentage?
Which Alliance Constituency has Seamus Close, position 2 and an election smaller than 1997?
I want the average for evening gown of 7.52 and swimsuit larger than 7.78
Tell me the lowest interview for oklahoma and swimsuit less than 8.8
Tell me the sum of evening gown for average of 9.06 and swimsuit less than 8.76
Tell me the highest interview for north carolina and evening gown more than 7.68
Which NCAA Tournament Appearances have Conference Titles that are larger than 0, NCAA Titles of 0, and were coached by Lou Watson?
Tell me the category for 2012 and drama league award
Tell me the highest time for spain and lane larger than 8
Tell me the average heat rank for time less than 24.02 and lane of 1
Tell me the total number of time for heat rank of 1
What would the LCD screen size and pixels be for the coolpix 5700?
What is the lens zoom and aperture for the coolpix 5400?
What is the average number of rounds when fighting against Clay Guida?
Where was the fight against Gray Maynard?
What was the result of the 4:27 fight?
What was the record at WEC 24?
What was the result when there were less than 3 rounds against Gil Rael?
What is the amount of assists for richmond kickers and points larger than 24
What is the average amount of assists with a rank higher than 6 and goals 10 and the scorer is Robert Ukrop
Which Tournament has a winner Outcome with a Score of 6–3, 7–5 with Kimberly Po-Messerli as a Partner?
What is the Outcome of the Los Angeles Tournament when the Partner is Julie Halard?
On what Date is Alexandra Fusai a Partner with a Score of 4–6, 6–3, 6–1?
Tell me the home of 2-3
How much money did the country with 282 stores make in sales?
What is the smallest sales area (m²) that has €4,094/m² and more than 2 stores?
Tell me the average spectators for 2006-06-21 and time more than 21
Tell me the sum of closed for city of pittsburgh and capacity larger than 59,000
Tell me the lowest closed for capacity of 62,439
Tell me the college/junior club team for pick of 16
Tell me the nationality for pick of 18
I want the player for NHL team for mighty ducks of anaheim
I want the NHL team for wade belak
Tell me the tournament for outcome of winner and score of 4-6 6-3 10-5
Tell me the partner for opponents of anamika bhargava sylvia krywacz
Tell me the partner for outcome of winner and score of 7-6 (7) 5-7 10-7
Tell me the opponents for score of 6-1 2-6 7-10
Tell me the score of misa eguchi eri hozumi
Tell me the date for dinah pfizenmaier anna zaja and winner
Tell me the opponents for mashona washington november 21, 2009
What is the smallest total for a rank below 4, 0 silver medals, and 2 gold medals?
How many gold medals on average were earned by Italy when they held the rank of 4?
Who is the player from Canada with a 199 pick?
Which college or team has a pick of 196?
What is the pick number for Ray Giroux?
Tell me the lowest pick number for columbus crew
Tell me the total number of pick for university of portland
Tell me the lowest pick number for new england revolution
Tell me the affiliation for diego walsh
Tell me the total number of pick for university of virginia
Who has a 50m split less than 27.79?
What is the time for a 50m split less than 28.58 and a lane of 2?
Tell me the D3 compatible for availability of yes for wode jukebox
Tell me the pts for glasgow rocks
Tell me the season for quarter-final position of 4th
Tell me the average Laps for grid of 6
Tell me the carburetor for engine of 250-1v i-6
Tell me the bore and stroke for Engine of 351-2v cleveland v8
Which country is ranked number 2 and has less than 5 total medals?
What is the (MT) time which has kansas city chiefs as an opponent on nov 11?
Tell me the opponents for runner-up and surface of grass
Name the venue for netherlands opponent
Name the opponent for 10-04-2007
Name the runs balls for wicket of 3rd for australia opponent
Name the wicket for 19-03-2007
Which fleet launched on July 30, 1961?
Which shipyard has a fleet that was laid down on April 21, 1962?
What is the status of the fleet that was commissioned on July 28, 1963?
Tell me the launched for august 31, 1964
Tell me what was commissioned december 30, 1965
Which episode with a demo of 0.7/3 was the lowest?
When is the air date that demo-ed at 1.6/5?
For demo 1.6/5, what is the title?
What date was gabriela paz-franco the opponent?
What surface was the game played on for the September 13, 2009 match?
On which track did Takashi Kogure hold pole position?
On round 3 for Arting Team Impul, who held pole position?
Who was the winner when Katsuyuki Hiranaka had the fastest lap?
Before round 9, when Takashi Kogure held pole position, who was the team?
Tell me the MPEG-2 of yes and MPEG-1 of yes
Tell me the MPEG-1 for real video of no
Tell me the affiliation for mls team of metrostars and pick number of 26
Tell me the total number of picks for position of m of williams college
who was the runner-up in the 1915 competition for 'Articles with HCards'?
Who was the runner-up in 1887 competition for 'Articles with HCards'?
What is the home team score when the away team is Collingwood?
what fleet is associated with the number L4?
what number is associated with the baltic fleet and leninets (ленинец)?
when was garibaldets (гарибальдиец) launched?
when was the number l6, with a fleet of black sea, launched?
what number is associated with the name chartist (чартист)?
What date did the VFL play Punt Road Oval?
Who played home team at the Arden Street Oval game?
What was the most amount of people in the crowd when the home team scored 13.17 (95)?
Where did the away team score 7.15 (57)?
Where did the away team score 7.15 (57)?
How much did the away team score at Victoria park?
Where did the away team play when they scored 15.10 (100)?
How big was the crowd when the home team scored 20.21 (141)?
What date was the ensemble in North East England closed?
What was the operator of the ensemble from Yorkshire?
When was the ensemble closed that went on air in June 2003?
What was the license award date for the ensemble from South Wales and the Severn Estuary that was on air in July 2001?
What is the operator of the ensemble from Yorkshire?
Who was the home team when attendance was over 41,846?
Where did Collingwood play as the home team?
What was South Melbourne's score when they played as the home team?
What was the attendance when the VFL played Lake Oval?
What is the Winning Team with Rick Mears' and Kraco Twin 125 (R1)?
What is Penske Racing's name?
Who is the winning driver of Penske Racing, and what was Rick Mears' pole position?
Who was Kraco Twin 125 (R2)'s Winning Driver?
What is the Report of Winning Team Penske Racing, and what was Rick Mears' Pole position?
What is the Pole Position for Winning Team Penske Racing, and the Name of II Copa Mexico 150?
Who was the away team at the game held at Brunswick Street Oval?
Where was the game held where the home team scored 17.18 (120)?
What was the largest crowd at a game where Collingwood was the away team?
Who was the away team when the home team scored 10.18 (78)?
For the group with 1.92% population in 1981, what was their percentage of the population in 1971?
For the group with 1.79% population in 1961, what was their percentage of the population in 1971?
What is the rice amount when the potato amount is 79?
What is the yam amount with amount of soybean 0 and potato of 0.01?
What is the yam amount when the Cassava amount is 0.11?
What is the wheat amount when the potato amount of 1.9?
What is the Sweet Potato amount when the soybean amount is 1.65?
What is the Yam amount when the Maze/Corn amount is 1355?
Which province and flag which has a water area (km 2) smaller than 176,928 has a total water area percentage of 0.0%?
Which province and flag has a water area (km 2) of 0?
What was the home team's score when the away team scored 10.11 (71)?
Who was the away team when the home team scored 17.17 (119)?
What was the away team's score at the game where the home team scored 10.15 (75) and the crowd was larger than 24,168?
What is the lowest attendance when the home team scores 10.14 (74)?
What venue features a home team score of 10.14 (74)?
When did the Browns play the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Who is the home side when north melbourne is the away side?
What is the lowest crowd when the away side scores 11.16 (82)?
Where was the game played where Collingwood was the away team?
What was the total tenure time with a rank of 49?
Who did Teo Fabi drive for when he won and had pole position?
Who won for Forsythe Racing when Bobby Rahal had pole position?
Which team had the fastest lap of 1:13.516?
Who had the fastest lap when Al Unser won?
What is the maximum number of players for the sega game, hang-on (cartridge version)?
Which Away team has a Score of 4–2?
Which Home team has an Away team of al-ain fc, and a Year of 2002/03?
Which Home team has a Year of 2002/03, and a Venue of tahnoun bin mohamed stadium?
Which Away team has a Home team of al-ain fc, and a Score of 1–1?
What is the attendance of the game that was played on September 27, 1964?
What is the home team's score when the crowd is over 14,000 with the away team scoring 9.18 (72)?
What is the home side's score when geelong is the away team?
What was the score of the tournament that was held in 1974?
On what date did the home team score 11.8 (74)?
What was the venue when the home team scored 9.22 (76)?
What was the largest crowd size when the away team scored 7.11 (53)?
What was the away team that scored 8.15 (63)?
What was the date when South Melbourne was the home team?
Where did Hawthorn play as home team?
When the VFL played Brunswick Street Oval what was the home team score?
Where did Geelong play as the away team?
What day did the VFL pay MCG with attendance of 16,300?
What was the attendance when Fitzroy played as home team?
What was the attendance when Hawthorn played as home team?
What engine did Casey Mears use on the Reynard 01i Chassis?
What Chassis did Memo Gidley use?
Who used the Honda Engine for all the races?
What is the location of the 200m backstroke?
Which circuit did Guy Edwards win?
What circuit did Rupert Keegan win in round 8?
Who won Silverstone in a round after 10?
What rank did actor Aaron Pedersen's character have?
What years were actress Nadine Garner on the show?
What character did actor Damien Richardson play?
What episode did actor Daniel Macpherson's character have the rank of Detective Senior Constable
Who are the sideline reporter(s) on NBC with al michaels on the play-by-play after 2013?
What was the earliest year featuring Sideline reporter(s) of michelle tafoya and suzy kolber?
What network is working in 2014?
Who were the sideline reporter(s) in 2011?
Who were the collor commentator(s) for ESPN before 2012?
What higher harmonics have an NOAA of 8?
What is the speed of the higher harmonics that have an NOAA of 37?
What is the NOAA of the higher harmonics that have a Darwin of mn 4?
What is the NOAA of the higher harmonics that have a Darwin of m sf?
Which higher harmonics have a speed of 0.0821373?
What is the Home team score for the Lake Oval Venue?
What is the Date in which the Crowed was over 10,300 and the Home team was Melbourne?
What was the production in 2002-03 for the commodity that produced 1,725 in 2001-02?
What was the production in 2004-05 for the commodity that produced 1,725 in 2001-02?
What is the 2005-05 production for milk?
What was the production in 2006-07 for the commodity that produced 2,601 in 2005-06?
What was the production in 2004-05 for the commodity that produced 1,037 in 2005-06?
What was the production in 2005-06 for the commodity that produced 1,175 in 2001-02?
Which home team score occurred at Victoria Park?
Which home team had a score of 9.11 (65) against the away team score of 10.11 (71)?
Which home team played at Glenferrie Oval?
On which date was the venue at Windy Hill?
Who has a round of 3 with a method of decision?
What was the finishing time of Stage SS6?
What was the finishing time of the stage that featured a distance of 18.25km and a start time of 11:31?
What was the average speed over 18.00km for winning driver Jean-Claude Andruet?
What was the finishing time of the Stage that featured a distance of 24.00km and a start time of 21:27?
On what date is there an Away team score of 10.14 (74)?
When the Home team score was 8.15 (63), what is the total Crowd?
Which Away team has a score fo 4.12 (36)?
On what Date is there a Home team score of 8.15 (63)?
Which name is 51.89 (2.043) long?
Which bullet has a Shoulder of 10.92 (.430)?
Which shoulder has a Neck of 7.3 (.288)?
Which bullet has a Length of 33.78 (1.33)?
Which length has a Bullet of 6.5 (.257)?
What is the lowest overall pick for a player from Washington?
What position does the player from Oklahoma who was drafted in round 7 play?
What is the highest overall number for a player from Kentucky State?
In what round was a defensive tackle drafted with an overall pick smaller than 149?
How many attended the game with north melbourne as the away side?
On what day did the home team score 18.12 (120)?
What venue featured north melbourne as the away side?
How many attended the game with north melbourne as the away side?
How many teams from the Atlantic 10 conference made it to the Elite Eight?
How many Big 12 teams made it to the Final Four?
What chassis did Gordon Johncock use with his cosworth engine?
Who drove the Chevrolet with the Eagle chassis?
What tires did BFM Enterprises run on their Offy engine and manta chassis?
What chassis does Gary Bettenhausen use?
What chassis doe Ross Davis use?
What engine does Chip Mead of Parts Washer Service use?
Which heat and lane was in rank of 22?
Who has a rank below 125 and time of 00: 56.30?
Which Terminus is on line 10?
The color diamond is assigned to which Terminus?
Stations of 16 is assigned what length?
The color sapphire is assigned to which Terminus?
Daily ridership greater that 414 is associated with which length?
What is the away team that had a score of 15.9 (99)?
What is the home team that scored 10.13 (73)?
What day did the home team score 10.13 (73)?
Which competition did Târlea come in 4th place, in 2003 at Budapest, Hungary?
Prior to 2004, what was the name of the competition that took place in Johannesburg, South Africa and had the 400 m hurdles event?
What events did the competition that took place in 1997 have?
What was the earliest year that Târlea took 7th place?
What place did Târlea come in at the European Indoor Championships?
What venue did the European Championships' 400 m Hurdles take place?
what year has the highest marcel granollers champions?
What is the child sex ration for the population with 37.7% work participation?
What is the average crowd size when the home side scores 9.8 (62)?
What day did the home side score 14.13 (97)?
What day does the team play at punt road oval?
What venue features geelong as the away side?
How many pages does the story from 1987-08 have?
How many pages does the story h 87112 have?
What is the story code of the story published on 2002-12?
Which driver drove car Wolf WR3?
Which driver drove car McLaren M23 at the Snetterton Circuit?
What car did Tony Trimmer drive at the Oulton Park Circuit?
What date did the International Gold Cup take place?
What's the theme for a series of season 3 with smaller than 148 days?
What is the home team score when the away team is Collingwood?
What is the crowd size when Geelong is the away team?
What is the highest crowd population when the away team is Geelong?
What away team plays at Arden Street Oval?
Which name has a pressure of 985hpa (29.09inhg)?
What dates was the storm called 07 active?
Which building was built in 2015, has less than 40 floors and is larger than 509 feet?
What is the highest floor for the building measuring 220 meters?
How many entries feature a year built of 2010?
What are the numbers for lc models built in 2009?
Who has a Record of 5-2?
For the race Champion Spark Plug 300, what is the report?
For the race held at the Cleveland Burke Lakefront Airport circuit, with winning driver Emerson Fittipaldi and pole position Michael Andretti, what was the winning team?
What is the average number of deaths for earthquakes centered in Damghan?
What was the away team when the home team scored 7.11 (53)?
What away team scored 14.7 (91)?
What was the score of the home team when Richmond was the away team?
What is the smallest crowd when the home team scored 7.11 (53)?
What was the result of the match that took place in Perth, featuring a score of 48-12?
What was the result of the match in Penrith that featured a score of 48-12?
What is the home team score when st kilda is the away team?
What is the home team score when st kilda is the away team?
What venue featured fitzroy as the home squad?
What is the home team score at brunswick street oval?
What nationality is the guard from ucla?
What player is from the united states and started playing in 1965?
What guard/forward started in 1957?
What position is played by farmar, jordan jordan farmar?
What region is William R. Johnson Coliseum in?
What was the host for the round in Nashville?
What was the host of the round at Hammons Student Center?
What city is University Gym (Gold Mine) in?
What city in the east region in North Carolina was the round where the University of Richmond was the host?
What was the host of the round in the Montagne Center in Texas?
Which venue had a match played on August 16, 2006?
Which match was played on April 2, 2006?
Who is the Constructor for round 5?
Which round has the mv agusta f4 1000 mt?
Who does Yamaha Construct for?
Who is riding the Ducati 999 RS in Round 7?
Who is the Constructor for the Trac Racing Team?
What was the away team score when Richmond was the home team?
What was the away team score for the game played at the Brunswick Street Oval?
Where did Hawthorn play as the away team?
Who is the away team when the home team scores 12.20 (92)?
What is the home team that scores 12.17 (89)?
What is the highest attendance when the home team scores 10.12 (72)?
What rank did Poland receive with a time of 1:50.12?
What rank did the time of 1:24.12 receive?
What is arizona state overall lowest?
What are the fewest losses for a player lower than 3, with wins fewer than 75%, 0 draws and 56 points?
How many tries for the player whose number is greater than 2 and losses are smaller than 0?
What is the number of tries for the player who is larger than 16?
What is the smallest draws for a player larger than 2 with a 100% wins?
What is the average draws for a player larger than 16 with more than 1 tries and a win percentage smaller than 56.15%?
What was the 2011 Wimbledon result?
What was the result of the 2011 US Open when the 2007 was F?
What was the result in 2007 when the 2011 was F and 2009 was W?
Which tournament had the result of a W in 2009?
Which 2009 tournament had Grand Slams?
Which tournament had the result with 2009 was F and 2010 was F?
What Away team scored 7.11 (53)?
Which Home team scored 6.11 (47)?
What was the date of the game when Hawthorn was the home team?
Which season had a margin of 10?
What did the tournament with an A in 1956-1958, an A in 1954, and an F in 1948 get in 1969?
What did the Tournament of Australian Championships, with an A in 1969, get in 1954?
What did the Tournament of SR get in 1951?
What did the tournament with a QF in 1969 get in 1956-1968?
What did the tournament that got an A in 1945 get in 1949?
When did Geelong play as the home team?
When North Melbourne played as the away team, what was the crowd numbers?
How many rounds did Honester Davidson play?
What School or Club team has an overall score of 21?
What total number of Overalls has a round that was smaller than 1?
What player is a kicker?
What position and school/club team of Oklahoma state has an overall less than 410 and a round smaller than 5?
What is the average number of players from Duquesne?
Who is the player from Kentucky before 1977?
Which player played center, is from the United States, and entered before 2012?
Which player plays forward and is from Kentucky?
What team was the away team for the venue punt road oval?
What was the home team score when the score for the away team was 7.9 (51)?
What is the highest ranked player who opposed Westmeath?
What is Tony O'Sullivan's county?
What Network has Punjabi as the Language?
What Genre has Hindi as the Language and Star Gold as the Network?
What is the Origin of Programming for the Network NDTV India?
What is the Origin of Programming for the Network MTV India?
What is the Language for Network PTC Punjabi?
What Genre has the Network Zee TV?
What team was the home team at the venue junction oval?
What away team played when the home team was south melbourne?
What home team scored 9.7 (61)?
What team was the home team when Richmond was the away team?
What was the score when geelong was the away team?
What was the CB CW for the year of 1982?
What is the most current year that had a BB CW of 78?
What was the North Melbourne's score when they played as the home team?
What was the attendance at the St Kilda home game?
What was the attendance when the VFL played Junction Oval?
Where did Melbourne play as the away team?
What is the home team that played against an away team scoring 12.4 (76)?
What venue featured the away side scoring 16.20 (116)?
What is the home tome when the home team scores 11.9 (75)?
On what day did the home team score 10.10 (70)?
What is Fitzroy's home field?
Who was the away team at punt road oval?
What was the away team score when the home team scored 6.11 (47)?
What was the away team score at victoria park?
What home team scored 20.15 (135)?
Who was the home team in the game played at arden street oval?
Who was the away side that scored 7.12 (54)?
Which home team has a crowd larger than 18,200 and the St Kilda away team?
Which away team had a crowd larger than 22,000 at the Western Oval venue?
What was St Kilda's away team score?
Who was home team South Melbourne's opponent?
What was the music for the team who earned a score of 13 (5, 4, 4)?
What was the music of the team that was eliminated?
Which couple danced a jive and received a score of 21 (6, 7, 8)?
What was the score of the team that danced a jive and was safe?
What engine did Dick Simon Racing use?
Who drove for Arciero Racing?
What Chassis did Rich Vogler use?
What tires did Johnny Parsons use?
What race did Bobby Unser win?
Which driver won the Indianapolis 500 the year the Chaparral team also won it?
Which report includes Bobby Unser as the Pole Position and Rick Mears as the Winning driver?
Which race has a winning team of Penske Racing, and a winning driver of Bobby Unser?
On what day is geelong the home team?
What venue featured collingwood as the away side?
What is the average crowd size when the home team scored 9.20 (74)?
What is the home team score at windy hill?
What season has races larger than 18 and 36 points?
The venue of Brunswick Street Oval was used on what date?
Which away team had a score of 5.6 (36)?
In which venue did the home team have a score of 6.10 (46)?
What is the smallest crowd with the away team of North Melbourne?
On which date was Essendon the home team?
What is the name of the airport with IATA code DAC?
What is the IATA code for Delhi?
What is the IATA code for the city with ICAO code of RCMQ?
What is the airport with ICAO code of WMKP?
What is the IATA code for SHahjalal International Airport?
What is the ICAO for the airport in Ningbo?
What is the BB pop of the song with a CB CW of 1, RIAA of P and was released more recently than 1976?
What is the CB CW of the song which has a BB Pop of 11?
What was the crowd numbers when the VFL played Victoria Park?
When the VFL played at Junction Oval what was the away score?
Who was the away team for the game played in front of more than 41,402 fans?
What Home team played Richmond?
What is Melbourne's home venue?
Was the game home or away when the record is 6-12?
What is the date of the away game at the Blue Cross Arena?
What is the week for the stadium that had an attendance of 22,286?
How many assists for player(s) with over 107 games and ranked less than 2?
What is the total number of assists for players with under 55 games and over 6 assists per game average?
What is the average rank for players with less than 2.9 Assists per game?
What circuit had an ensign n180 as the winning car in round 5?
How many rounds total were there on may 31?
What was the average round for the oulton park circuit?
What was the crowd size at the match that had an away team score of 6.8 (44)?
Who was the opposing team at the match played at the Arden Street Oval?
What was the opposing team's score at the match that was played at Victoria Park?
Of the matches that had a home team score of 13.17 (95), which match had the largest crowd?
Which venue did the match where Collingwood was the home team take place?
How many games did the home team score 16.16 (112)?
Who is the away side when north melbourne is the home side?
How many games feature hawthorn as the away squad?
What is the home team's score when the away team scores 9.14 (68)?
What Nationality has a Time of 9:01.70?
What is sun yang's lowest rank?
What is the rank for Heat : Lane of 4 : 1?
How many ranks have a ationality of canada, and a Time of dns?
What was the away team when the home team scored 7.13 (55)?
Who played Fitzroy at their own home?
What team plays at home at Lake Oval?
What was Melbourne's score as the away team?
On what date was the match played in Victoria Park?
What is the away team's score when the home team scores 18.12 (120)?
How many attended the game when the away team's score is 10.19 (79)?
What is the away team's score when geelong is the away team?
What is the away team's score when south melbourne is the away team?
What was the result of the film made before 2005, winner of the robert award, in the category of best actress?
What was the result of the bodil award winning film from before 2005 in the best actress category?
What category is the nominated work of cecilie, winner of the robert award?
Who was the away team at Victoria Park?
What is the date of the game where Footscray was the away team?
Who is the away team that scored 10.13 (73)?
What week did they have a bye?
How many people watch at Western Oval venue?
How many people are in the crowd in south melbourne?
What was the highest crowd at Windy Hill?
How many people saw the game that had a score of 15.10 (100)?
How many people at Arden Street Oval?
What was the Home team score against an Away team score of 8.15 (63)?
Which Neck has a Bullet of 10.566 (.416), and a Base of 14.78 (.582)?
Which Case Length has a Base of 14.96 (.589)?
A .416 barrett has which Case Length?
Which Name has a Case Length of 73.99 (2.913)?
Which Base has a Name of .44 wcf?
Which Name has a Bullett of 10.57 (.416) and a Base of 14.96 (.589)?
When Richmond was the home team, what was the home team score?
At what venue was the away team score 3.11 (29)?
What was the highest crowd size at Windy Hill?
When the away team was Geelong, what was the home team score?
Who is the player in the center position from 2006 with nationality of the United States?
When England is the nationality what is the year from?
What is the nationality with a forward position from a year after 2005?
Which away team had a score of 11.7 (73)?
Which crowd totals have away team scores of 16.6 (102)?
When did the home team of Richmond play?
How many golds for Canada (12 total)?
What was the team's record after week 7 with 28,161 attending?
What was the attendance at war memorial stadium?
How many silver medals did the country that won 20 gold medals win in the 1955 Pan American Games?
What team had 159 laps and a Time/Retired of 6:30:02.3733?
What team had less than 159 laps and a time or retired time of 4:00:30.7537 (retired - fire)?
What was the score of the Browns game against the San Francisco 49ers?
What was the home teams score at Victoria Park when attendance was more than 12,000?
What was the final score for Aguilar when he played Hans Podlipnik on clay and was runner-up?
What round is highest and has a defensive tackle position and overall lower than 282?
What position is the round higher than 15 and has an overall of 411.
What is the name of the away team with glenferrie oval venue?
What stadium is in penrith?
What day did they play in central park stadium?
What is the lowest attendance when footscray is the away team?
What venue featured essendon as home team?
What is the sum of crowd(s) at princes park?
What is the away team that scored 10.13 (73)?
What is the away team that features a home team of south melbourne?
What is the smallest crowd when collingwood is home team?
During which round was the first defensive end with an overall rank larger than 186 drafted?
What is the highest number of losses with 23 points and 22 plays?
What is the sum of goals scored for the Al Wahda team with less than 4 drawn and more than 22 plays?
How many goals scored against the opposing team occurred with more than 7 losses, less than 27 goals scored for the team and drawn more than 1?
What is the highest number of plays when drawn is more than 4, more than 30 points were earned, and 37 goals scored for the team?
What was Geelong's score when they were the away team?
What was the score of Richmond when they were the away team?
What is the home team's score at punt road oval in front of over 17,000?
What is the away team's score at brunswick street oval?
What is the smallest crowd at punt road oval?
What day does the away side score 7.16 (58)?
What was the earliest year that had more than 105,579 flying hours and a seat factor of 68%?
What player played for the Balmain Tigers?
What was the nationality of five-eighth player Darren Lockyer?
What nationality did Greg Inglis hold?
Where was the match played in 1998?
What was Footscray's Home team score?
Who faced Collingwood as an away team?
How many total points belong to the team with a goal difference of 8?
What K League classic had less than 10 teams?
How many teams played before 2008, had a K League Classic of runners-up, and a Manager of kim ho?
What was the score of the away team at Junction Oval venue?
When Collingwood was the home team who was the opposing away team?
What is the team score of the away team at Junction Oval?
What team is from Lake Oval?
How many people watch an away team score 6.9 (45)?
Who played a home team that scored 18.9 (117)?
When did a home team score 9.9 (63)?
Who played a home team that scored 9.16 (70)?
Who is the runner-up for Ilhwa Chunma?
What was the attendance when Collingwood was the away team?
What was the attendance of the Hawthorn as the away team?
Where did Richmond play as the home team?
What position was played ealier then 2004?
What is the nationality of the player listed that played in 1996?
What year is listed for the player who played at UCLA?
What home team has a home team score of 15.14 (104)?
What is the home team score for the game with the away team Carlton?
What is the away team for the game at Windy Hill?
What is the away team with the score 13.15 (93) ?
For the race held on 10/08/86, what was the circuit?
What circuit saw Cabin Racing as the winning team?
Who was the winning driver driving the winning car March - Honda 86j, with the winning team Team Nova?
Which Lane had a 50m Split of 25.8?
Who was in Lane 5?
What was Arkady Vyatchanin's time?
What is the away team's score when north melbourne is the home team?
What is the away team's score when the Home team score is 19.15 (129)?
What is the smallest crowd with fitzroy as the home team?
What is the away team's score when the away side scores 8.7 (55)?
What school did the linebacker who was drafted after round 8 come from?
How many pens does Siaosi Atiola have?
What pens have a draw of 0 when the player is sione mafi pahulu?
What is the lost for span 2006- when conv is 0?
What is the draw with drop and pens 0 in 1995?
How many tries does Fakahau Valu have?
What school did the punter picked after 101 attend?
What player was picked 176?
What player was drafted 252?
What away team scored 6.22 (58)?
What is the venue where Collingwood played as the away team?
What is the date of the game where South Melbourne was the away team?
What is the average number of laps when the country was NL and the race number was smaller than 8?
What is the total number of E edges of the polyhedra with vertices V greater than 20?
What is the lowest Euler characteristic: V-E+F of a hexahedron or cube, which has less than 20 faces F, less than 30 edges E, and less than 8 vertices V?
What are the points for the Seven Sisters RFC club?
How many tries were for the 7 lost?
How many tries had a losing bonus of 5, and were part of the Maesteg Celtic RFC club?
What was lost against 383 points?
What's the rank for Daewoo Business Center when the notes are cancelled?
How many floors have a Height m / feet of 900 / 2,952?
What is the height for shanghai x-1 financial building?
What is the rank for the 96 floors?
What was the score for the tournament that had a winner's share of $50,000?
What date was the tournament that had a winner's share of $28,000?
On what Date is the Circuit at Sandown Raceway?
What is the City/State of the Oran Park race?
In what City/State did John Bowe win at Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit?
Which season has a percentage of 13.56%?
How many poles has a percentage of 22.08%?
How many poles does driver Nelson Piquet have?
How much Loss has an Avg/G larger than 129.2?
Which Loss is the lowest one that has an Avg/G of 3.5, and a Gain smaller than 42?
How much Avg/G has a Loss larger than 117, and a Name of opponents, and a Gain smaller than 2444?
How much Avg/G has a Long of 51, and a Loss of 333, and a Gain larger than 2013?
How much Avg/G has a Name of robert marve, and a Gain smaller than 236?
What is the score where Saint-Amant lost the match?
Where was the match located when the odds were p + 1 and the score was 1/3?
What was the score for an n/a location with the odds of p + 1?
What was the score for a game with the odds of p + 2 after 1847?
What was the date of a game that had the odds of q rook?
What is the nationality of the player in round 7?
Which player is from the United States, and played for the Bowling Green Falcons (CCHA) as their College/Junior/Club Team (League)?
Which College/Junior/Club Team (League) did the player in round 6 play for?
What round did Jamie Cooke play in?
What are the average points White made with 0 extra points?
How many points does Sweeley have, with less than 0 Field goals?
Who had the most touchdowns with more than 0 Field goals?
When was the game at the home of the Los Angeles Kings?
On April 22 when the Los Angeles Kings where visitors what was the record?
Tell me the name for round of 1
Name the sum of pick # for round less than 1
Name the total number of overall for brent hawkins and pick # more than 28
What is the value in 2012 if it is 2R in 2013, 1R in 2005, and 1R in 2008?
What is the value in 2006 when it is Grand Slam Tournaments in 2012?
Which tournament has a value of 2R in 2008?
What is the value in 2008 when 1R is 2009 and 3R?
Which tournament has a 1R value in 2007 and 2009?
What is the value in 2013 when it is 1R in 2007 and 2009?
How did michelle do in archery?
What City is the Jal hotel in?
How did he win with a time of 0:38?
Who did he fight in Rumble of the Kings 6?
How long was the match with Jaime Fletcher?
The team Glenn Seton Racing has a circuit at the lakeside international raceway, what is the location and state?
What location and state has a circuit of Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit?
with race of ranvet stakes what is the group?
Which Slalom has a Giant Slalom of 8?
Which Slalom has a Downhill of 4?
What Version has a Remixed by Perky Park with a Length of 6:38?
What is the total number of Year that has an Album of Remixes?
What is listed for the Lengtht that has a Version of Single Version?
what is the sum of attendance of week 11
Which opponent had a result of 0:1?
When was the game played in Zagreb?
Which opponent played a 1990 wcq type of game, where the results were 0:0?
When was the game played against Norway with a result of 1:0?
the sum of Events that has a Rank larger than 5 is 3
Who was Alicja Rosolska Partnered with when the Score in Final was 4–6, 3–6?
On what Date was the Score in Final 6–3, 6–3?
What was the Opponents in Final during the match with a Score in Final of 6–4, 3–6, 5–7?
How many seasons took place in aspen, usa?
Which place was earned on 12 feb 2012?
Where was the race on 28 dec 2010 held?
What is the overall length with a designation of s-8ko?
What designation has a launch weight of 11.3kg?
What type has an overall length of 1.605 m?
How many touchdowns were made where field goals were less than 0?
While Duncan Thompson played, how many points did he have where there were 0 field goals, 0 extra points, and more than 9 touchdowns?
When Herb Graver played, how many field goals were made when there were more than 50 points, less than 15 touchdowns, and more than 0 extra points?
How many field goals were there, where the points where less than 45 and there were less than 15 touchdowns?
What is the position of the race with a point of test driver?
How many wins did team Kolles & Heinz union, with f/laps of 0, have in the Formula Three Euroseries?
Which series has 4 f/laps?
How many wins did Team Autotecnica, with 0 podiums, have?
How many races had 10.5 points?
How many wins did the team with 5 podiums have?
What is recorded as the lowest Round for the Player Jim Thompson?
What is the highest Round that has a Position of Tackle and the Player Fred Neilsen?
What Position has a Round of 27?
Name the sum of drawn for points less than 6 and games more than 8
Which Rank is the lowest one that has a Nationality of slo, and a 1st (m) larger than 125?
Which Rank is the highest one that has Points of 248, and a 1st (m) larger than 123.5?
Which 2nd (m) has a Rank larger than 1, and an Overall WC points (Rank) of 99 (8), and Points larger than 246.9?
How much Rank has a 1st (m) of 127?
Which Points is the lowest one that has a Name of wolfgang loitzl, and a 2nd (m) smaller than 126.5?
How much Displacement (tons) has an Armament of 2 x -inch (mm), 16 x -inch (mm)?
Which Opponent has a Round larger than 1, and an Event of king of the cage 31?
Which Time has a Round larger than 1, and an Event of total fighting alliance 2?
Which res has a Record of 3-0?
Which Location has an Event of king of the cage: flash point?
Who were the opposing team when a Loss was listed with Lowe (1-4)?
What body styles have 6/75 as the model?
What body styles have devaux-hall inline 6 as the engine?
What model has de vaux continental as the make?
What wheelbase has sport coupe (4p.) as the body style?
What was the score when the home team was Toronto?
What was the record when Minnesota was the home team?
Which city held the game in Old Trafford before 1907 when the Opposition was sussex?
What was the score when the opposition was sussex after 1890?
What city had a score of 20 in aigburth after 1907?
What was the score when the opposition was sussex in liverpool?
What is Director Erik Matti's Producer?
What is Director Bona Fajardo's Producer?
What is the Producer on December 25, 2006?
What Title has a Role of Mylene?
In what Year is there a Role of (cameo)?
On what date was the result 106-105?
What was the result for Portland at home on June 12?
Who was the home team with a result of 105-99?
On what date was Game 1?
On what date was Game 3?
On what date was Portland on the road for Game 2?
What was the highest number of games played when they had over 14 against and 3 losses?
What was the position for team corinthians with over 14 against?
How many games played for team bangu with under 15 against, and over 9 points?
When is Northern Ireland the opponent?
Name the length for class of gts-2 and date of october 8
Name the circuit with class of gts
Name the length for all class and date of march 18
How many Games has a Team of chicago?
What is the High points of charles oakley , kevin willis (11)?
Which Game has a Score of w 90–82 (ot)?
What is the High rebounds of washington Team?
What is the sum of Game on february 28?
Which Country has a number of Wins larger than 2?
What ranking has the nationality of spain and the goals of 26?
What name is the goals of 25?
what's the grid with time +37.949?
what driver has 12 in grid?
what is the highest grid for new zealand?
what team has +1'25.337 for the time?
What was the result at A Arena, the SL league, and a match number over 16?
Opponent of @ atlanta flames had what game?
Record of 3-3-1 had what lowest game?
What was the date when the game had a save by Aguilera (5)?
What was the Save in the game that has a Loss of sanderson (6-5)?
Which Wins have a Rank of 3?
Which Events have a Player of tom kite, and Earnings ($) smaller than 760,405?
Which events have a Rank of 1?
Name the 8:00 for 10:00 of the practice
Name the 10:30 for 8:00 of charmed
Name the 7:00 for 8:00 of charmed
What is the fewest Points that has Willie Heston as Player and less than 3 as Touchdowns?
What is the Departure time at Rajendranagar Terminal?
What is the Station Code of the Destination Station Departure?
At what Platform is the Departure 18:00?
What is the Station Name of the Arrival Starting Station?
What is the Arrival time of the Patna Junction Station?
What Station Name has an Arrival time of 01:10?
What was the score for the game against the New Jersey Nets?
On which date was the game played against the Milwaukee Bucks?
What was the result of the game against Luxembourg?
When did the city of Novi Sad participate?
What was the result of the game against Luxembourg?
Who played women's doubles in 1936?
What was the result for the game at Memorial Stadium in week 15?
Which Series has a Score of 0–6?
Which Series has a Game larger than 1, and a Date of april 18?
Which Series has an Opponent of new york rangers, and a Score of 3–2 ot?
Which Series has an Opponent of @ new york rangers, and a Date of april 22?
How many Played have a Lost smaller than 3, and a Difference of 6, and Points larger than 6?
How many Points have a Drawn smaller than 0?
How many Drawn have an Against smaller than 5, and a Played smaller than 3?
Which Position has an Against of 5, and a Drawn larger than 0?
Which Played is the highest one that has a Lost smaller than 1, and a Difference of 6, and an Against larger than 2?
Which Points is the lowest one that has a Position larger than 5?
what team lost the most points
What opponent has 3-2 as the score, and anderson (2-6) as a loss?
What score has an attendance less than 10,553?
What is the highest episode of Wood Flutes segment c?
What is Segment D of 20-08 series Ep.?
What year did they get 4 points with Suzuki?
What was the last year that they had less than 16 points in class 500cc?
Which party had an incumbent of W. Jasper Talbert?
which team has a record of 13-18?
What was the record for May 26?
What was the loss details for the team with an attendance of 15,298?
What city has march 30 as the date?
What opponent has april 23 as the date?
What opponent has euro '84 qualifying as the type and split as the city?
What results has euro '84 qualifying as the type of game and norway as the opponent?
What game type has 2:1 as the results?
What date has friendly as the type of game, france as an opponent, and paris, france as the city?
What is the date of the Mosport Park circuit?
What is the length of the Laguna Seca Raceway circuit with a class of gtu?
What is the class of the Charlotte Camel gt 500 race?
What is the length of the race on August 15?
Where is Exxon Mobil, an oil and gas corporation, headquartered?
In what Tournament was laura Gildemeister the Opponent?
Date of january 11, 1998 has what surface?
Score of 4–6, 6–4, 6–4 included which tournament?
Final that has a Date of january 10, 2004 had what opponent?
Tournament of tokyo, japan, and a Score of 4–6, 6–4, 6–4 had which date attached?
Score of 3–6, 7–5, 6–4 included what date?
What are the fewest number of podiums associated with a Series of formula renault 2000 brazil, and under 1 pole?
What position has over 0 wins and under 3 podiums?
How many wins are associated with 20 points and over 1 podium?
What is the largest number of households with median family income of $52,106 with less than 21,403 in population?
What is the least population with more than 78,748 households in Davis County?
What is the most households with a median household income of $54,086 with less than 231,236 in population?
Which country has a $46,426 median family income?
What is the average grid with a number of laps smaller than 8?
What is the lowest grid with rider casey stoner and laps that are smaller than 27?
What is the total grid number with laps that are larger than 27?
What is the lowest number of laps with a time/retired of +38.426?
What is the sum of laps that has a time/retired that is +19.475?
What player is from canterbury (ushs)?
Which Opponent has a Game of 33?
What's the Score that's got a listing of December that larger than 8 and Record of 25-8-3?
What is the total number of wins for golfers whose earnings are 313,845 dollars and rank is larger than 4?
What is the total number of earnings for golfers who have 28 events and more than 2 wins?
On what Date was The Open Championship in Japan?
What was Tom Weiskopf's Finish?
Which Laps have Points of 29?
Which Grid has a Driver of cristiano da matta, and Points smaller than 33?
Which Team has Laps smaller than 105, and a Grid smaller than 18, and Points of 11?
How many Points have a Team of rusport, and Laps of 45?
What is the players name in the guard position?
What is the Overall number for pick 17?
What number round has an overall of 123?
What is the Name with an overall of less than 123 for the Detroit Lions?
Who is drafted overall less than 49?
What position is drafted from Grambling?
Which opponent's event was sb 24 - return of the heavyweights 2, and had a method of TKO (knee and punches)?
Which method had Travis Fulton as an opponent?
Which opponent had a round of more than 1 and an even of PFP: ring of fire?
What's the segment A in episode 42?
Sfax has a total ordered number of?
What was the score on March 5 at Vancouver?
Who directed the nominated film 'blood on his hands'?
What is the rank of the film, Amelia and Michael?
Who directed the nominated film, Badmouth?
What was the production company for the film directed by Daniel Cormack?
What was the production company for the nominated film, Badmouth?
What is the average number of points of the game after January 3 against the Cleveland Barons?
What is the total number of games of the team against the Los Angeles Kings after January 5?
How many wins has the player with more than 21 events and earnings of 2,066,833 had?
Tiger Woods has played less than 21 events and is what rank?
Score of 108-85 is what lowest game?
Location of brendan byrne arena had what score?
Opponent of chicago bulls had what location?
Location of boston garden, and a Record of 58-23 involved what opponent?
Score of 119-115 (ot) involved what location?
What is the average value for Fall 07 when Fall 05 is 271 and Fall 09 is less than 347?
What was the average value for Fall 07 when Fall 09 is less than 296?
What is the sum of all values in Fall 09 in Allegany county with Fall 07 less than 751?
What is the largest value for Fall 08 when Fall 09 is 792 and Fall 05 is less than 791?
What is the largest value for Fall 08 when Fall 07 is less than 242?
What is the nationality of the player in round 4?
What is the round of Jimmy Drolet from Canada?
What is the round number of Jessie Rezansoff, who plays right wing?
Which team had a qualifying 2 time of 1:01.093?
What was the qualifying 2 time for the team with a qualifying 1 time of 1:01.630?
What was the qualifying 1 time for Rusport and Justin Wilson?
Which team had a qualifying 1 time of 1:01.342?
What is the best time of the team that had a qualifying 1 time of 1:01.043?
How many picks did Mike Zaher have?
How many pick numbers did Matt Marquess have?
Which MLS Team's pick number was 31?
what day did the team go to toronto
what team visited chicago
what team played on october 8
Which Position has a Game 1 of noel cleal?
Which Game 3 has a Game 1 of brett kenny?
Which Exhibition has a Position of second row, and a Game 3 of les davidson?
Which Game 2 has an Exhibition of michael o'connor?
Which Exhibition has a Game 2 of andrew farrar?
Opponent of at new york giants had what venue?
Result of l 10-23 occurred in what week?
Week larger than 5, and an opponent of at new york giants had what record?
Attendance of 35,842 had what date?
Result of w 16-10* o.t. had what attendance?
What Report has the Date of June 5, 2005?
What Report has the Date September 3, 2005?
What was the 3’UTR sequence when Coding was 6a 3 and the GenBank id is nm_001093770.2?
What Coding has a 3’UTR sequence of 6a 4 with a GenBank id of hq021439?
Which Variant id has the GenBank id of nm_005411.4?
Which 3’UTR sequence has a 5’UTR splice of ab'd’ with Coding of 6a 2?
Which 5’UTR splice has a Variant ID at sftpa1 variant 2?
Which 3’UTR sequence has the GenBank ID at hq021440?
Which Copa Libertadores 1992 has a Supercopa Sudamericana 1992 of round of 16, and a Team of grêmio?
Which Team has a Recopa Sudamericana 1992 of runner-up?
Which Supercopa Sudamericana 1992 has a Team of santos?
What's the score of the game with a Loss of Glavine (12-5) that more than 29,007 people attended?
When was the game with a record of 54-69?
What is the total number of tiers for the postseason of semifinalist?
For a year earlier than 1991 and a reynard 91d chassis, what's the highest points?
Total points for a bs automotive entrant?
What is a colt racing entrant engine?
What is the Rank that has Passengers larger than 70,921, and 2.8 % Change?
How many Passengers that have an Airport in indonesia, denpasar?
Which Airport has a Carrier of malaysia airlines?
Which tier has a division of LEB 2 and Cup Competitions of Copa LEB Plata runner-up?
How many positions have a Postseason of relegation playoffs and a tier of 3?
What is the lowest tier for a postseason result of quarterfinalist?
What format has 080 360-2 as the catalog?
What label has 887 448-2 as the catalog?
What label has cd single as the format?
What catalog has june 1990 as the date?
Which building has 26 storeys?
What is the height for less than 45 storeys in Scotia Centre?
How many storeys in Calgary during 1975-1976?
Which city had years 1971-1974?
Which city contains Telus Plaza South?
What is the lowest number played with 2 losses and more than 13 points?
What is the smallest positioned with more than 9 played?
How many draws took place for team Corinthians with more than 5 losses?
Which 2007 is the lowest one that has a 2004 of 78, and a 2006 smaller than 80?
Which 2005 is the lowest one that has a Grade smaller than 6, and a 2008 smaller than 80, and a 2006 larger than 72?
Position of member, and a Nationality of india is what sum of term ending?
Name of xue hanqin has what highest term ending?
Position of member, and a Tenure Began of 2010, and a Name of xue hanqin has what lowest term ending?
Term Ending smaller than 2018, and a Nationality of new zealand what is the name?
Which episode aired in the USA on 20 May 2005?
What is the total number of episodes aired in Canada on 22 October 2004?
What is the CBS airdate of the episode with a number under 70 with a USA airdate of 1 April 2005?
what song is a genre of glam
Which score is the Seattle team?
What is the total weight in Tulsa, Oklahoma?
What is the number with the f position in Dallas, Texas?
Which competition took place in Bangkok?
What was the score in Kathmandu?
Where was the location for the August 29, 1980 game?
What is the notes distance for 2nd position earlier than 1986?
Which venue hosts the Olympic Games for DNQ position?
In what year is the notes distance 1.83m?
what is the race number of bob wollek
what country is john nielsen from
Which Model has hybrid propulsion?
What is the Propulsion for the model offered in 2003-2004 by neoplan usa?
What is the Length (ft.) for a 2008 nfi d40lf?
Which Founded has a Club of tri-city storm and a Titles larger than 1?
Which Founded that has a Club of no coast derby girls?
Which Founded  has a League of women's flat track derby association, and a Club of omaha rollergirls?
On what date was there an International Friendly competition?
What was the score at Bernardo O'Higgins Cup on May 7, 1961?
What grid has an average time of +22.505 and laps larger than 23?
Which suzuki gsx-r1000 k7 has the highest time of retirement?
What is the average lap for suzuki gsx-r1000 k7 and at grid 6?
Which rider has a lap of 23, grid smaller than 18, and time +44.333?
what is the lowest grid with laps larger than 23?
Where did the Bruins play Iowa State?
What Conference was during the NCAA Tournament?
How many TDs have a Car of 88 and an Avg smaller than 3?
What is the amount of Avg that has Yards more 265 and a Car more 105?
Which player is ranked number 3?
Add up all the events whose earnings is less than $530,808, have less than 2 wins and is ranked lower than 5.
Which Nations Cup has a Winter Series Champion of Andrew Bentley?
What secondary class of Winter Series champion Andrew Bentley?
What season has the champion of Nicolas Kiesa?
What team's champion has a secondary class of Matt Rao for a Winter Series Champion of Not Held?
Who is the Teams' Champion for the Season of 1989?
Who won the gold medal in 1998?
What is the total number of years when Mika Miyazato won the silver?
What is the location of the Asian Games after 2002 when Kim Hyun-soo won the gold?
What is the earliest year that kim hyun-soo won the gold?
What was the broadcast date of the episode that visited South Africa?
Which country did Natalia Makarova visit?
What is the broadcast date for the episode titled, "From Hong Kong to Ulaanbaatar"?
What is the broadcast date for the episode titled, "St. Petersburg to Tashkent"?
How many people attended the game on May 31?
How many people attended the game on May 10?
Which Overall is the lowest one that has a Round of 3?
Which college did kevin landolt attend?
Which Round is the average one that has a Pick # larger than 26, and a Position of defensive back?
Which College has a Pick # larger than 25, and a Round of 7, and a Name of chris white?
what was the average game when record was 16-63?
Median household income of $40,340, and a Number of households smaller than 64,767 is what average population?
What party was re-elected as an incumbent of robert p. Kennedy?
Which democratic incumbent is from the district of ohio 7?
Which republican was first elected in 1886 in the district of ohio 17?
Which result was in the district of ohio 6?
Who was first elected as the result of a retired republican gain in the district of ohio 21?
On May 9 after Game 3, what was the Opponent?
Which Player has a Position of number 8, and a Club/province of scarlets?
Which Club/province has a Position of centre, and Caps of 27?
What position does alun wyn jones play?
Which Date of Birth (Age) has a Club/province of blues, and Caps larger than 0, and a Player of tom james?
Which Caps is the lowest one that has a Club/province of ospreys, and a Date of Birth (Age) of 19 september 1985?
What is the average attendance of the game where the home team was the Blues?
Which Case capacity (%) is the lowest one that has an 8.23 g (127 gr) of 102.7, and a 9.72 g (150 gr) smaller than 102.7?
Which 8.23 g (127 gr) has a Bullet weight gram (grain) of 8x64mm s, and a 12.96 g (200 gr) smaller than 102.9?
Which 9.72 g (150 gr) has a Bullet weight gram (grain) of .325 wsm, and an 8.23 g (127 gr) smaller than 108.7?
Which 8.23 g (127 gr) is the highest one that has a Bullet weight gram (grain) of 8x64mm s, and a Case capacity (%) smaller than 110.3?
Which Case capacity (%) has a 9.72 g (150 gr) larger than 112.3?
What is the Position of the Level 3 winner from Saint Kitts and Nevis?
What Goals with a Level of 5 or greater is the lowest?
What is the Position of the winner with 18 Goals and Level of 5?
Which University students and adults have minimum diameter of Sakigawa for female gender?
Which junior high school has male and female genders?
Which gender is associated with University students and adults of 25mm?
Which junior high school has university students and adults of 26mm?
What value for university students and adult goes with male gender for minimum weight?
What metro vincity has the venue that opened in 1999?
What is the total capacity of venues that opened in 1999?
What date has aus by 382 runs as the result?
What venue has eng by 10 runs as the result?
What date has george giffen as the home captain, and sydney cricket ground as the venue?
Gold of 0, and a Bronze smaller than 0 and what is the sum of the silver?
Gold of 0, and a Total larger than 0, and a Silver larger than 1 and what is the highest bronze?
Gold larger than 0, and a Bronze larger than 1 includes what total number of silver?
Bronze of 0, and a Total of 1, and a Silver smaller than 1 what is the lowest gold?
Who was the men's single in 1940?
Who played women's singles in 1933?
Who played mixed doubles when Anna Keir played women's singles?
In what year did Yvette Porteous play women's singles?
Who won women's doubles in 1998?
Which Third has a Lead of zanda bikše?
Which Third has a Nation of hungary?
Which Second has a Nation of latvia?
Which Lead has a Nation of croatia?
Which Nation has a Lead of alexandra bruckmiller?
Which Skip has a Third of constanze hummelt?
what is the spanish word for garden
what is the italian word for the french word 'mer'
what is the english word for cavallo
What Player has more than 1 Touchdowns with 0 Extra Points and less than 50 Points?
What Player has less than 10 Touchdowns and 0 Extra points and more than 5 Points?
How many Extra Points were scored by the Player who had 5 Points and less than 1 Touchdowns?
Name the least year for european indoor championships result of 3rd
What is the played value with 51 points?
How many tries for Nelson RFC?
What is the losing bonus with 1 draw and 13 losses?
How many tries when 22 are played with 1 draw and a try bonus of 13?
How many points were scored against with a losing bonus of 1 for Blaenavon RFC?
Who is the opponent of the submission (triangle choke) method of submission?
What Competition had a game on October 31, 1979?
On what Date was Palhinha Brazil Scorers?
What Brazil scorers have a 1-1 Score?
What Brazil scorers have a 2-1 Score?
What Competition's Score was 1-2?
Which Points have an Opponent of calgary flames, and a January larger than 22?
Which Points have a Record of 21–20–6?
Which January has a Game of 50?
On what Date was the Attendance larger than 14,427 and a Loss of Jon Lieber (4–1)?
Which Record has an Opponent of pittsburgh pirates, and a Date of may 5?
Which Attendance has an Opponent of pittsburgh pirates, and a Date of may 5?
Which Attendance is the highest one that has a Record of 15-28?
What is the date of the match where Jeriome Robertson lost?
What is the score of the match with a save postponed rescheduled for June 24?
What is the date of the match with Brother Elephants as the opponent and a save of ||4,117?
What is the least round number for Jon Olinger, who was picked before pick # 24?
Before round 7, what is the greatest Pick # for a player that plays defensive tackle?
What was the record on december 8 when the boston bruins visited?
what was the score on november 3?
who visited on november 17?
What is the name of the head coach of 1974?
What is the average number of seasons for Terri Drake who lost less than 9?
What is the lowest number of seasons that the head coach of 1982 had with larger than 9 losses?
Which webcast was in Spanish contemporary on xhnoe.com?
What is the highest frequency from uncionfeypoder.com?
What is the format for Digital 94.9?
What is the population for Deed number of 21352021?
What is the average Area (km²) that shows Excised from shire of cook and a Population smaller than 463 for the community of wujal wujal (bloomfield river)?
What was the deed number with a population of more than 869 in the woorabinda community?
What is the smallest population with an Area (km²) of 1115.4?
What is the largest Area (km²) for Deed number of 21352022 with a Population of more than 184?
What is the result of the match on 16 October 2012 with less than 4 goals?
Which Opposition has a Year smaller than 1977, and a City of manchester?
Which Score is the lowest one that has a Year of 1868?
Which Venue has a Year larger than 1868, and an Opposition of derbyshire?
Which City has a Score smaller than 30, and a Venue of aigburth?
What is the Position of the player with a Height off 188cm?
What is Alexander Wronski's Position?
What is Senyi N'Diaye's Position?
What was the date of the friendly competition with a score of 4-0?
Where did the competition take place at on August 3, 2005 with a score of 5-0?
What was the result of the 2007 gulf cup of nations?
What was the result of the competition that had a score of 4-0?
What is the English title for season 6?
What is the highest season wth a Win of 1 and a Position that is 8th?
What is the total number of Races with a Pole that is larger than 0?
What is the lowest Poles with a Season that is larger than 2009?
Which team has a location attendance of Air Canada Centre 19,800 with a record of 41–33?
Which December has a Record of 21–8–4, and a Game larger than 33?
Which Opponent has a Score of 4–5 ot?
Which Game is the highest one that has an Opponent of new york islanders, and a December larger than 10?
What tournament was located in Colorado?
What is the date of the sprint international tournament where the first prize was 216,000 dollars?
What is the total TD's of the strongest storm William that has a total TC's smaller than 2?
What is the total number of TD's of the Gavin storm with a total STC's smaller than 6?
On what date was the game in Week 9 played?
What was the record of the game after Week 6 with an attendance larger than 52,560?
What is the highest attendance rate at Milwaukee County Stadium?
What's Ontario's highest Ends Lost?
What is the shot % with a 44+ Ends Lost, skip Cathy King, and smaller than 13 Black Ends?
What's the highest Ends Lost with a shot % greater than 77, 11 blank ends, 7 stolen ends, and more than 44 ends one?
Which Segment C that has an Episode lower than 230, and a Segment A consisting of wax figures?
Which Segment A has a Segment B of s awning?
Which church had a Split off/Continuation in 1836?
Which church was organized by George M. Hinkle?
What was the Pure Church of Christ's Split off/ Continuation?
What was the Independent Church's Split off/ Continuation?
Who organized Alston Church?
what is the name of the netherlands head quarters
what person was in rank 10
Which driver has 23 as 3rd places?
What is the least amount of entries that has 9.31% as a percentage with a 3rd place larger than 23?
How many entries have 3rd places greater than 19, and alain prost as the driver?
Which driver has 210 as entries?
Which seasons have fernando alonso as the driver?
What club had 0 goals?
What club had over 0 goals in 2011?
What team drove a Dodge vehicle?
What was Stacy Compton's position?
What was the average position of car number 59?
How much was the loss of April 25?
What is the average total with less than 8 bronze, 3 silver, and a Rank smaller than 2?
What is the average Total with a Rank greater than 1, and a Bronze larger than 8?
What is the smallest silver from Vietnam?
What is the largest silver from Malaysia with a Total smaller than 23?
What is the largest bronze with a Rank of 2, and a Gold smaller than 8?
How many ranks have a Bronze smaller than 8, and a Total smaller than 7, and a Gold smaller than 1?
Voivodeship or city of nowogródzkie has what capital?
Capital of brześć nad bugiem has what area (1930) in 1000skm?
Area (1930) in 1,000skm 2 of 31.7 has what capital?
Capital of brześć nad bugiem has what population (1931) in 1,000s?
Population (1931) in 1,000s of 1,884.4 is what car plate (starting 1937)?
Population (1931) in 1,000s of 2,460.9 what is the car plate (starting 1937)?
Which Poles has a Wins larger than 0, and a Podiums smaller than 17?
which Poles has a Fastest Laps of 0, and a Races of 17, and a Wins larger than 0, and a Podiums smaller than 2?
How many Fastest Laps have  Poles of 4, and Races larger than 178?
Which the Fastest Lap has a Season of 2009 and Poles smaller than 0?
Which the Fastest Laps that have  Poles of 0, and a Season of 2002, and a Podiums smaller than 0?
What Variant has a Launch site that is white sands?
what was the score in 1990
In 1950 what is the average rank?
What is the building's name that is 617 / 188 in height and ranked less than 6?
What is the number of rounds that took place for the fight that lasted 6:21?
What is the average year of the most recent appearance of the Boston Crusaders, who had their first appearance after 1976?
What is the year of most recent appearance of the Suncoast sound, who had more than 7 finals appearances?
What is the year of the first appearance of the Black Knights, who had less than 1 finals appearances?
What is the Pick # of the player with an Overall less than 203 from West Virginia?
In what Round was the draft pick from Florida with an Overall less than 166?
What is the highest number of silver when there is 1 bronze and less than 4 golds?
How many bronze medals are there when there are fewer than 3 silver medals and 7 medals total?
What team has rank 3?
Which Playing For has a # 100 larger than 36, and a Score of 122?
Which # 100 has a Season of 1991, and an Against of surrey?
Which sum of # 100 has a Season of 1990, and an Against of warwickshire?
Which Against has a Season of 1987/88, and a # 100 larger than 13, and a Score of 139?
What is the lowest number of wins for tom watson who is ranked larger than number 1 and makes more than $6,028,927?
What is the highest earnings for the golfer who has more than 37 wins?
What Tejano webcast has a callsign of KBDR?
What's the highest frequency of the KBDR callsign?
What's the website for the Listen Live webcast on the 99.3 frequency?
Which Webcast has the digital1073.com website?
Which Date has a Tournament of at&t pebble beach national pro-am, and a Margin of victory of 1 stroke, and a To par of –11?
Which Tournament has a Margin of victory of 1 stroke, and a Date of oct 7, 1990?
Which Date has a Winning score of 69-68-68-70=275?
Which To par has a Winning score of 64-68-66-63=261?
Which Winning score has a Tournament of walt disney world/oldsmobile classic?
What is the number in total of silver with a gold smaller than 0?
What is the sum of gold with a rank that is 3 and a silver larger than 7?
What is the average total with a nation of thailand with a gold smaller than 17?
What is the average gold with a bronze smaller than 5 with a rank of 8?
What is the earliest launch that was from Beijing?
With a Hanzi of 深圳卫视, what is the name?
Who is the owner of  the object launched after 1997 and a Hanzi of 厦门卫视?
What was the latest week that had a game on November 18, 1951?
Who was the opponent on November 11, 1951?
What was the total attendance with a result of W 31-21 before week 9?
What lifespan has a majors greater than 1, and fuzzy zoeller as the name?
what visitor came on november 27
what team was the visitor in the chicago game
what game was in chicago
Which player is associated with the date May 10, 1999?
Which player is associated with the date July 6, 1949?
Which date is associated with the player Wilbert Robinson?
Which player is associated with the date June 14, 1969?
When the team is the Boston Red Sox and the is date July 27, 1946, what are the average RBIs?
What is the sum of games for a record of 33-13-3?
What was the sum of January values with a record of 27-12-3 for a game less than 42?
What is the number in January for Philadelphia Flyers as opponents?
What is the lowest game for a record of 32-12-3?
What was the lowest attendance at the game with a record of 50-36?
Who was the opponent at the game that had a loss of Westbrook (2-2)?
How many copies of scouting for girls were sold?
What was the position for albums made by elbow with under 424,000 sales?
What is the agg of team 2 Dynamo Moscow?
What is the 1st leg for team 2 Portol Drac Palma Mallorca?
Who was the guest at Stadion Prljanije?
Who was the guest when attendance was 3?
In what venue did FK Crvena Stijena play at home?
What is the sum of attendance when the score was 2:0?
How many were in attendance with a score of 0:1?
Who was at home when the score was 2:2?
What Score has an Opponent of @ Blue Jays with a Date of June 7?
What Time is listed for the Loss of Okajima (1-2)?
What Loss is recorded for the Date June 2?
What's the total number of Win % with an Appearances of 4, and Losses that's larger than 3?
What's listed as the lowest Appearances with a Win % of 0.706?
What's the lowest Losses recorded wiht a Wins of 1, Team of Dallas Stars, and a Win % that's smaller than 0.25?
What district has benjamin eggleston for incumbent?
Which party is tobias a. plants the incumbent?
wWhich district has a retired republican hold with an incumbent of rufus p. spalding?
Which district has a retired republican hold and an incumbent of rufus p. spalding?
Which tournament had a 2012 of a and a 2011 of 2r?
Which 2009's 2010 featured the wta premier 5 tournaments?
Which 2011's tournament was Indian Wells?
Which 2010 stat featured the tournament of the Olympic Games?
When did the Indians play a game with 15,105 people in attendance?
Who did the Indians play on April 23?
What is the lowest number of laps for Marco Simoncelli on a grid higher than 11?
Who is the rider who did less than 20 laps on a grid number greater than 23?
What is the lowest grid number that had a rider with KTM as the manufacturer who did more than 20 laps?
What is the tournament on 22 October 2012?
What is the date of the tournament with Alena Tarasova as the opponent?
Which Hereditary peers have a Total of 1?
Which Total has a Hereditary peer of –, and a Lords spiritual of –, and a Life peers of 2, and an Affiliation of plaid cymru?
Which Elector is hungarian?
Which Cardinalatial Title has an Elevator of pope eugenius iv?
Which Works number has a Number larger than 807, and a Type of 0-6-0, and a Date of 1920?
Which Type has a Date smaller than 1943, and a Builder of alco schenectady, and a Number larger than 822, and Works number of 59867?
Which Date has a Builder of alco schenectady, and a Number larger than 835, and Works number of 56566?
When was the Election of 1953?
On what date were there 50,324 votes?
How many votes were there on November 10?
What date has 79-48 as the record?
What is the average attendance that has 83-52 as the record?
Name the segment D for umbrellas
Name the segment A for netflix of s05e01
Name the series ep for darts
Name the series ep for segment c of luxury cars (part 1)
What school is located in rossville?
How many people enrolled a the school with an IHSAA Class of a, and the trojans as their mascot?
What IHSAA clas is the school with a county number of 12 clinton and the hornets as their mascot?
What is the score when a loss was listed with Lannan (4-8)?
What was the date when the Twins had a record of 44-37?
Which Opponents in Final has a Date of september 16, 1990?
Which Partner has a Date of june 18, 1989?
Which Opponents in Final has an Outcome of winner, and a Surface of hard, and a Date of april 17, 1994?
Which Opponents in Final has a Score in Final of 7–5, 1–6 4–6?
Which Partner has a Score in Final of 6–1, 6–2?
What is the total Points for the Opponent of @ New Jersey Devils and a Game bigger than 7?
What was the time of the NJKF Titans Neo X event?
What was the record after the NJKF Magnam 16 event that lasted 2:06?
Which opponent led to a 6-3 record?
How many Picks have a Round larger than 2, and a Name of lawrence sidbury, and an Overall smaller than 125?
Which Pick # is the highest one that has a Name of william middleton, and a Round larger than 5?
Which Overall is the lowest one that has a Position of offensive tackle?
Which Overall is the average one that has a Name of vance walker?
Which Pick # is the highest one that has a Name of lawrence sidbury, and a Round smaller than 4?
What is the February number of the game played against the St. Louis Blues with a game number less than 58?
Who is the opponent of the game that had a record of 24-26-4?
What is the February number of the game with the Vancouver Canucks as the opponent and a game number greater than 55?
What nationality is Larry McMorran?
what team scored 17
What was their record on July 22?
On what date was their record 46-39?
What was the oilers record on October 20?
What was the oilers record for the game on November 27 when the Edmonton oilers were playing at home and the Chicago Blackhawks were the visiting team?
Name the people's party for social democratic of 30.1%
Name the lead with left bloc of 8.4%
Name the lead for institute of election results and social democratic of 31.7% 8 seats
What is the Regionalliga Sud for 1995-96?
What was the Regionalliga Nord-Ost for the team that had a Regionalliga Sud of SpVgg Unterhaching?
Which season had a Regionalliga Sud of Stuttgarter Kickers?
Which Regionalliga West/Sudwest had a Regionalliga Nord-Ost of Carl Zeiss Jena?
What party is Charles Van Wyck part of?
What district is James Humphrey from who was first elected in 1858 and was eventually defeated democratic gain?
What surface was the November 5, 1995 match played on?
What date was the match played where Amy Frazier was the opponent?
What score was given at the August 17, 2005 match?
Which tournament was played on October 1, 2006?
What is the score of the match played on a hard surface with an opponent in the final of Elena Likhovtseva?
What was the team's record on july 18?
Which Conference Joined has a Previous Conference of northwestern, and a Mascot of oilers?
Which Year Left is the highest one that has a Location of east chicago, and a Year Joined of 1969, and a School of east chicago roosevelt?
Which Year Left is the lowest one that has a School of calumet, and a Year Joined larger than 1993?
avg passengers in 2012 for 2009 more than 104.5 and 2010 less than 162.6 and 2011 less than 141.8 is what?
The lowest rank with 2011 less than 80.7 and 2012 less than 73.1 is what?
the sum of 2009 with rank of 5 and 2010 less than 76.5 is what?
What was the Entered Office of the man with the throne name Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar?
What is listed for the Main Location(s) that has a % of National of 2.05%?
What's the Area with an Output (2007) of 12,332 T?
What Main Location(s) has an Area of 19,800 HA?
On what date was the record 4–0–0?
what was the score in toronto
Which Record has an Event of tpf 5: stars and strikes?
Which Opponent has an Event of king of the cage: shock and awe?
Which Method has a Record of 16–7?
Which Round has a Method of decision (unanimous), and an Event of ufc 145?
Which Event has a Round of 1, and a Record of 2–0?
What is the general classification of Mapei-clas in stage 12?
Which winner has a P stage?
Which stage corresponds to Banesto and Tony Rominger?
Type of primary, and a Call letters of kbjs has what format?
Frequency (MHz) that has a Type of primary, and a Call letters of ktbb-fm has what total number?
Type of primary, and a Call letters of kktx-fm has what average Frequency (MHz)?
Frequency (MHz) that has a Call letters of krmd-fm has what sum?
What date has 1 for the game?
What opponent has april 10 as the date?
Which TV season finale was showing on may 22, 2001?
What player has a round larger than 6 with a D position.
What league is from the United States and a round smaller than 12.
What league has a 10 for round with Paul Cain?
What league has a D position, a round smaller than 11 and is with Dennis Vial?
What is the rank of the gatchaman of Jinpei?
Who is the Japanese voice actor of the Battle of the Planets of Keyop?
What is the rank of the gatchaman Jinpei?
Who is the voice actor of the character with the Japanese voice actor Yoku Shioya?
What is the mecha with a condor bird uniform?
Who is the voice actor (harmony gold ova dub) of the character with a voice actor (adv TV/sentai ova dub) Kim Prause?
What is the score of the tournament on 25 July 1994 with a clay surface and Patricia Tarabini as the partner?
Who is the partner of the tournament on 6 July 1987?
Who is the partner at the Tampa tournament?
What is the tenure of the person with revenues of 60,000-->58,000 koku?
What is the court rank of the person with a courtesy title of nagato-no-kami?
What is the name of the person with a courtesy title of sanuki-no-kami/jiju?
what day was the score 39-14
Which position did the drafted player affiliated with UCLA play?
Which MLS tea, drafted a player affilaited with the university of california?
What rank does the person participating in American Civil war and indian wars?
When did the Tournament of the Tour Championship take place?
Name the average number of seasons for Prva HNL of 17
Name the least number of seasons in top division with position in 2012-13 of 001 1st
Which first was born on 5 february 1979?
Which First has a Position of c, and Bats of l?
Which First has a Surname of searle?
Which Surname has Throws of r, and a Position of p, and a DOB of 26 april 1989?
Which DOB has a First of david, and Throws of l, and a Position of if?
How many throws does PJ have?
Televoting of 9, and a Jury smaller than 10 had what sum of draw?
Jury larger than 6, and a Artist of zhenya rasskazova, and a Draw larger than 9 had what sum of points?
Televoting smaller than 2 had what highest draw?
Who was the opponent when Hoeft (19-14) took the loss?
What was the score of the game that led to an 80-63 record?
Who was the opponent when Brown (9-5) took the loss?
What was Performer 1's name who performed with Sandi Toksvig as Performer 3 and Mike McShane as Performer 4?
What was Performer 4's name when Performer 3 was Ryan Stiles on episode 14?
How many points have @ new york islanders as the opponent, with a game greater than 35?
What record has a december less than 6, points less than 38, and pittsburgh penguins as the opponent?
When the county is Carroll what is the lowest population?
When the Per capita income is $29,194, what is the average population?
When the population is greater than 146,445 in the county of Carroll, what is the number of households?
Which year has a railway class of 250?
Which works number has a class of 15th and year of 1940?
Which builder has a railway of Rhodesia Railways?
Which railway has a class of 250 and year 1936?
which week had an attendance of 53,677?
which team had a bye week?
Which Date has Points smaller than 85 and a Game # of 74?
What is listed for Vistor that has a Game # that is smaller than 67 and has a Home listed as Buffalo?
What Date has a Home listed as Calgary?
What Score has a Record of 35-28-6?
What Date has Points smaller than 80, Home of Los Angeles, and a Visitor of Pittsburgh?
Which Week 10 Nov 2 has a Week 14 Nov 30 of penn state (11-1)?
Which Week 7 Oct 12 has a Week 11 Nov 9 of week 11 nov 9?
Which Week 7 Oct 12 has a Week 9 Oct 26 of tulsa (7-0)?
Which Week 10 Nov 2 has a Week 9 Oct 26 of lsu (5-2)?
Which Week 14 Nov 30 has a Week 6 Oct 5 of michigan state (5-1)?
Which Week 13 Nov 23 has a Week 6 Oct 5 of oklahoma state (5-0)?
What was the displacement having a torque of n·m (lb·ft) @ 3000 rpm?
Which engine had a 48kw (65 ps) @ 5600 rpm power?
Which model had a power of 66kw (90 ps) @ 6250 rpm?
Which of the engines has a displacement of 1,585 cc, with a model number of 90i?
Who was the opponent at memorial stadium?
Which Height has a Player of mike bibby?
Which Pos has a First round smaller than 10?
How many points have a loss less than 5, and 0 for draws?
What is the lowest points that has w-2 (w-league) as the league, and draws greater than 2?
What is the lowest wins that has a year prior to 1999, with draws greater than 1, and points greater than 17?
How many losses have a year later than 2001?
Which county includes Himco Dump?
Drawn of 0, and a Games larger than 5 has what amount of highest points?
Lost larger than 4 is what highest drawn?
Points difference of 18 - 33, and a Points smaller than 4 is the total of what sum of games?
Which First elected is the highest one that has a Party of dem, and a District larger than 24, and a Home city/town of berlin?
What record has pittsburgh as the visitor, and November 23 as the date?
What record has points less than 16, and detroit as the home?
How many points have pittsburgh as the visitor, and philadelphia as the home?
What points have pittsburgh as the home, and November 29 as the date?
What was the attendance at the game on December 11, 1966?
What was the latest week with a result of l 14-3?
What was the total number of weeks with a date of bye?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of W 26-20?
What was the attendance at the week 2 game?
Before 1981, how many Points did Team Suzuki have with less than 0 Wins?
After 1986, how many Wins did Lucky Strike Yamaha Team with less than 6 Points have?
In what Year did the RG500 Machine have more than 17 Points?
What were the least Wins in 1988?
How many points did the Flyers have against the New York Islanders with a February bigger than 12, and a game smaller than 60?
What is the location of the tournament on Feb 10?
What is the date of the Kmart greater greensboro open in North Carolina?
Who is the winner of the H.E.B. Texas open?
What is the average weight of Jeremy Case, who plays guard?
What is the position of the player from New York City, NY?
What year is guard Mario Chalmers?
What was japan's score?
Which Venue has a Country of england, and a Champion of alison nicholas?
Which Country has a Year larger than 1978, and a Score of 295, and a Venue of lindrick golf club?
what player scored 9/1
On what date was the score 6–4, 7–5?
Who was the opponent with an outcome runner-up on November 15, 2010?
What was the outcome for Rik de Voest as opponent?
What was the score on October 24, 2005?
What is the sum of state champions with more tan 9 MRC Championships, more than 4 co-champions, and a record of 192-189-3?
What was the co-champions value when solo was 3 and MRC Championships is greater than 3?
What is the highest value for co-champions when the PCT is less than 0.786 and MRC championships is 6 with records of 88-45-6?
What is the average value of MRC Championships with more than 0.685 PCT., more than 1 for co-champions, and less than 5 solo?
What is the average Pct value when state champions is less than 1, MRC Championships  is 10, and co-champions are greater than 4?
Street Address of 980 n. michigan avenue is what name?
Name of 900 north michigan, and a Year smaller than 1989 involves what lowest floors?
Street Address of 401 n. wabash avenue involves what name?
Pick larger than 229, and a Round smaller than 12, and a Position of defensive back is what school/club team?
Player of mike o'quinn, and a Round smaller than 15 had what lowest pick?
Round of 11 had waht sum of pick?
Which Division has a Position of 6th?
Which Season has a Level of tier 4, and a Position of 11th?
Which Season has a Level of tier 2 and a Position of 1st?
Which Position  has a Level of tier 3 and a Season smaller than 1999?
Which Median family income has a Median household income of $43,125?
How many people have a Median household income of $37,759?
What week had an Attendance smaller than 21,097?
What Week had an Attendance smaller than 22,333?
Municipality of tampere involves which party?
Quotient of 97 350,333 has how many votes?
Candidate of kimmo kiljunen belongs to which municipality?
Votes of 27,391 has which quotient?
Candidate of riikka manner has how many votes?
Which Opposition has a Year smaller than 1911, and a Venue of old trafford?
Which Venue has a Year of 1911?
Which Opposition has a City of taunton?
Which number of Years has a Venue of old trafford, and an Opposition of yorkshire?
What was the score of the match that took place at 6:00 PM with 79,419 in attendance?
What time was the match that had an attendance of 22,329?
What two teams were competing in the match with 103,158 in attendance?
What is the average date in January that the Rangers played against Chicago Black Hawks?
What is the score of the game where the Rangers record was 16-8-4?
Which OU career [b] had Position [A] as a forward when there were 56 appearances?
Which Score in the final has an Outcome of winner, and a Date of 3 august 2013?
Which Partner has a Date of 8 february 2009?
Which Opponent in the final has a Partner of dustin brown?
Which Score in the final has a Surface of clay, and a Partner of martin emmrich?
Which Surface has a Partner of oliver marach?
What is the call sign for the frequency of 0 105.7 fm?
Who is the owner with a frequency of 0 101.1 fm?
Which city of license has the Kyli call sign?
What is the format for Cherry Creek Radio with frequency of 0 92.1 fm?
Which format is in St. George with a frequency of 0 107.3 fm?
Which city of license has the Kyli call sign?
Party of republican, and a District of 7th is what elected?
Party of republican, and a District of 5th is what highest elected?
Elected smaller than 2001, and a District of 83rd has what status?
Status of reelected, and a Incumbent of danny marshall iii is what highest elected?
When has a Score of 6–3, 6–4?
WHich Score has marcelo filippini mark koevermans?
WHich Tournament  has a Partnering of diego pérez and a Opponents in the final of christer allgardh carl limberger?
Which Opponents in the final has a Partnering of tomás carbonell on march 28, 1995?
What is the Score of an Opponent\ in the final of jordi arrese àlex corretja?
Which To par has a Place in t9 and a Country of Spain?
Which To par has a Place in 8?
WHo is Player that has a Place of t9 in united states?
What ERP W has a 95.1 MHZ frequency?
What call sign is licensed in soledad, california?
What is the MHZ frequency in carmel, california with an ERP W over 10?
What class has a MHZ frequency under 103.1 licensed in morro bay, california?
How many averages have recs smaller than 26, and a Player of reggie brown, and a Long smaller than 40?
Which Yards has an Avg larger than 7, and a Long smaller than 60, and a Rec larger than 19, and a Player of correll buckhalter?
Which Yards have an avg of 11.8, and a Player of brent celek, and a Long larger than 44?
Which Yards is the highest one that has a Rec smaller than 54, and a Long smaller than 5, and a Player of todd herremans, and an Avg larger than 1?
What is the high rebounds with a record that is 18-14?
What are the high points from a game of 30?
What is the score for the game against Malacca at the Klfa Stadium, Cheras?
Which date held the match at the City Stadium, Georgetown?
Which competition had an opponent of Police at the Selayang Stadium?
What the average amount of field goals Clark has if he has less than 3 touch downs and less than 5 points?
How many points does Tom Hammond have if he has more than 12 points?
Who had the lowest field goals if they had 12 touchdowns and more than 72 points?
What is the lowest earnings of Lee Trevino who has 28 wins?
Where is the location of attendance for the Date of december 14?
What team has a high score with tracy mcgrady (24)?
What location has an attendance and a score of l 90–91 (ot)?
What team has a Score of l 88–94 (ot)?
What score has hard (i) as the surface, and Columbus, Ohio as the tournament?
What opponent in the final has rockford, Illinois as the tournament?
What score has zadar as the tournament?
Players of amanda coetzer and marcos ondruska is what team?
Players of judith wiesner and alex antonitsch had what match w-l?
Placing of 3 had what match w-l?
Matches W-L of 1-2, and a Team of spain had what seeding?
Notes of bbc radio 4, and a Director of peter kavanagh includes which average year?
Title of the angry brigade involves which lowest year?
Year larger than 2008 includes which notes?
Notes of bbc radio 3, and a Title of carnival involves which director?
What was the song choice when the theme was free choice and Adeleye made it through to bootcamp?
What was the result of week 2?
What was the theme for week 3?
What was the theme for the final showdown (week 3)?
What was the score of Game 2 in the series against the Florida Panthers?
What was the score of the game that led to a 7-5 record?
Which player is a tight end with a round higher than 3?
What position does the College of Louisiana State have?
How many rounds does Jamaal Charles have?
Who was the opponent that also has a save of Smith (26)?
Which score has a save of Smith (25)?
Which circuit is on July 24?
On which date was the GT class at Monterey Sports Car Grand Prix?
What was the length for GT class at Portland International Raceway?
On what date did Contac 12 Hours of Sebring take place?
Which Opponent has an Attendance of 24,791?
Which Score has Opponent of mariners and a Record of 24–25?
When is Record of 16–16 taken?
What was the score of the game with a record of 7–10–3–1?
Which Year Ended has a Passenger Load Factor (%) larger than 72.8, and a Revenue (€m) smaller than 906.8?
What is the Profit / (Loss) Before Tax (€m) that has a Revenue (€m) larger than 1,115.8, and on 31 december 2012?
What Passenger Load Factor (%) that has a Revenue (€m) less than 958.6 and a Profit / (Loss) Before Tax (€m) of 1.1?
Which First used has a Quantity of 26?
Which Designation has a Manufacturer of siemens, and a Quantity of 52?
Which Designation has a Quantity of 52?
Which Quantity has a Designation of type 4?
Which model number does bombardier manufacture?
Which Car numbers have a First used of currently on order?
What was the year elected in District 17?
What was the year elected in District 15?
What year was Incumbent Ed Towns elected with a district smaller than 10?
What party has a district of 28 and was elected after 1983?
What's the elected year of Nydia Velazquez in a district bigger than 2 and a democrat?
Name the least year for goalscore of ortiz and goals more than 25
What was the date of the game when St. Louis was the visiting team?
What was the record at the game with a score of 7–5?
What position shows for canada, and an NHL team of new york islanders, and a Pick # of 113?
What is the Position for the brandon wheat kings (wchl)?
What is the Nationality for the university of wisconsin (wcha), and a Player of bob lundeen?
What is the Pick # for brent meeke?
What is the NHL team of dave murphy?
What Nationality had a Pick # of 117?
On what Date of the race was Nesta Carter the Athlete?
What is the Athlete of the race with a Time of 9.78?
Which area 2006 km² has an area 1996 km² smaller than 17.31?
Which area 2006 km² has an area 1996 km² of 26.39, and a pop 2006 smaller than 18,610?
Which area 2006 km² has a city of sopot, and an area 1996 km² smaller than 17.31?
Which area 1996 km² has a pop 1999 of 17,510, and an area 2006 km² larger than 30?
What is the highest playoffs that has tampa bay as the team?
What rank has 123 as the total?
What teams have 1/2/2011 as the streak end?
What streak start has a total less than 79, 22t as the rank, and tampa bay as the teams?
What was the method for the UFC Fight Night 10 event?
What was the result for the M-1 Selection Europe event?
Who was the opponent that led to a record of 23-5?
What is the number of Silver medals with 2 Bronze and 0 Gold?
what team was the 1st leg champion of sakalai
what season did the juventus win
Women's doubles of cornelia marxer astrid wanger, and a Mixed doubles of mario minder astrid wanger, and a Women's singles of cornelia marxer has what highest year?
Men's singles of kilian pfister, and a Women's doubles of astrid eidenbenz claudia jehle has what average year?
Women's singles of michaela ritter, and a Men's singles of andreas radl has what women's doubles?
Women's singles of astrid eidenbenz, and a Men's doubles of no competition is part of mixed doubles?
What's the average Year that has Points that's smaller than 9 with a Rank of 24th?
Who has a Rank larger than 3 with a speed of 119.838mph?
Which Team has a Time of 1:14.51.73?
Which Speed has a Rank smaller than 9 in kawasaki zx6 600cc Team?
WHich Speed has a Rank of 2?
What is the total of Game with an Opponent of @ Hartford Whalers and February that's larger than 19?
Which Opponent has a February larger than 7 and Record of 37-16-4?
What is listed as the highest February with a Record of 34-14-4 and Game that's larger than 52?
Which Opponent has a Game larger than 56 and February of 24?
Which Extra points is the lowest one that has a Player of rheinschild, and Touchdowns larger than 1?
What result has mario & karina as the couple?
Which Time has a Set 2 of 20–25, and a Date of 05 jun?
Which Date has a Score of 0–3, and a Set 2 of 16–25?
Which Total has a Set 2 of 19–25?
Which Score has a Set 2 of 25–17, and a Time of 16:00?
Which Set 1 has a Time of 14:00, and a Set 3 of 19–25?
Which Time has a Set 3 of 24–26, and a Score of 0–3?
How many wins in OT are associated with a W(GWS)* of 0, a Season of 2009–10, and a L(OT) less than 0?
How many OT wins associated with a L(GWS)* of 3, and a L(OT) larger than 1?
What was the attendance when Nuneaton Borough was the home team?
What's the site of the recap at qualcomm stadium?
What is the name of the race in Cleveland, Ohio?
Which circuit did Michael Andretti win?
Who was the winning team at the Homestead-Miami Speedway?
What was Jimmy Vasser's fastest lap?
Which Spanish voice actor does the same character as French voice actor Véronique Desmadryl?
Which Spanish voice actor does the same character as French voice actor Dennis Boileau?
Which Spanish voice actor does the same character as French voice actor Véronique Desmadryl?
What character does German voice actor Dirk Fenselau play?
What character does Italian voice actor Emanuela Damasio play?
Which character has a French voice actor of Marc Saez and a German voice actor of Dirk Fenselau?
Jeff Staples player for which College, Junior or Club league?
Ken Hemenway is in which Round?
Which Nation does e.j. bradley play for?
Mike Crowley plays defense for league?
Name the most games with drawn more than 1
Name the most points with lost of 2 and games more than 7
What number did Moño Negro peak at before 1996?
How many weeks was the track Abrazame on the Billboard Latin Pop airplay before 1997?
What was the startup year for the project with apache energy/inpex as the operator?
What was the startup year for the Jackpine Mine (ph 2) project with an albian sands operator?
What was the startup year for the project with a nioc operator?
What was the name of the project that peaked at 40 and was in the USA?
What country did the project, Bonga SW; Aparo with a shell operator take place?
What is the amount of the 1st prize when the Winner was ken green (4)?
What is the date of the Los Angeles open?
What is the name of the Tournament on oct 23?
What was Morison's role in the film by Film Classics?
What was the title of the film created by the Screen Guild in 1948?
What production was created by Monogram?
Who created One Night in Lisbon in 1941?
What year was there a production created by Adelphi?
what date did reuschel (12-3) lose?
How much Draw has a Televote larger than 18, and an Artist of elizabeth anastasiou, and a Jury larger than 4?
Which Place is the highest one that has an Artist of nikolas metaxas, and a Televote larger than 60?
Which average Total has a Place smaller than 2, and a Draw smaller than 5?
Which Date has a Record of 0-2?
Which Record has a Match Report of recap, and a Result of l 30–20?
Which Match Report has a Date of october 26, 2008?
Which Opponent has a Record of 0-3?
Which Record has a Kickoff of 12:00pm cst, and a Game site of arrowhead stadium, and a Week of 15?
What was the result when the new england patriots played?
How many years had budgets of $39 million?
What is the most recent year featuring the director Christopher Kulikowski?
Which director had a worldwide gross of $30,471?
What is 2005's budget figure?
Which airport has IATA of BKK?
What is the IATA for Beijing Capital International Airport?
Which airport is located in Singapore?
What is the country of the airport with ICAO of WADD?
Which city holds Newcastle Airport?
What is the capacity for the stadium of kadrioru stadium and a current manager of sergei ratnikov?
What was the other number with 63.98% bush?
Band of am, and a Frequency of 0 846 has what purpose?
Frequency of 100.1 has what on-air id?
Callsign of 6nan has what purpose?
Band of am, and a Callsign of 6wh has what purpose?
Frequency of 0 864 has what callsign?
What club has a home score of 0-2 in Round 1?
What is NK Rijeka's away score in Round 2?
What is NK Rijeka's away score?
When did the Indians play a game with a record of 28-41?
Rank smaller than 5, and a Time of 31’ 03.093 is what rider?
Team of honda 250cc, and a Rank larger than 2, and a Rider of chris palmer is what time?
Rank larger than 8, and a Rider of chris barrett is what team?
Team of honda 250cc, and a Time of 31’ 03.093 has what lowest rank?
Rank larger than 5, and a Rider of paul shoesmith belongs to what team?
How many Total matches have a Year of career, and a Points won larger than 25?
How many Total matches happened in 2003?
How many points were won in 1996?
Which Total matches is the highest one that has Points % of 70%?
Which Total matches is the lowest one that has a Total W-L-H of 1-2-0?
what is the winner of stage 3
What was the Total the Year Yugoslavia had 0 Silver medals and 31 Competitors?
What is the Bronze in the year there was a Total of 0 medals and 6 Competitors?
In what Year did Yugoslavia have 4 Competitors with 0 medals Total?
In the Year Yugoslavia won 1 Silver, how many Gold medals did they win?
What is the Total medals the Year Yugoslavia had 1 Sport and won 0 Gold, Bronze or Silver?
Rank of 5, and a Silver larger than 0 had what sum of total?
Gold smaller than 2, and a Rank of 4, and a Nation of hungary (hun), and a Bronze smaller than 1 had what total number of silver?
Total smaller than 7, and a Bronze larger than 1 is what amount of average silver?
Bronze smaller than 5, and a Silver larger than 0 is which nation?
What player was on the Los Angeles Dodgers?
Which team did the Boston Beaneaters host at the South End Grounds?
Which team opposed the Milwaukee Braves?
What was the venue where Chuck Klein played?
What was the venue where Josh Hamilton played?
How man cuts were there of players who had 0 wins but had 1 player in the top 25 with more than 4 events?
What was the larger number of players that played in 4 events that 2 wins but were less than 6 in the top 10?
Which Combination classification has Points classification of daniele bennati, and a Team classification of quick step?
Which Mountains classification has a Team classification of quick step?
Which Team classification has a Combination classification of egoi martínez, and a Winner of tom boonen?
Which Combination classification has a Stage of 14?
Which Mountains classification has a General classification of egoi martínez, and a Stage of 9?
Which Mountains classification has Points classification of not awarded?
What subtitles have 15 as the classification?
What country has deltamac (hk) as the publisher?
What is the release date that has english as the subtitles, and magna pacific as the publisher?
What classification has cantonese as the language, and universal pictures japan as the publisher?
What sound has cantonese as the language, N/A as the classification, and spectrum dvd as the publisher?
What language has 20th century fox as the publisher?
What was the earliest week with a game against the Pittsburgh Steelers at City Stadium attended by less than 32,012?
Name the M939 series with M809 series of m817 and M39 series of m51
Name the M809 seris with M939 series of M931/932
Name the M809 series for short wheelbase and M939 series of M931/932
Name the type with M809 series of m814
Name the M939 series for short wheelbase and M809 series of m817
Name the M939 series for short wheelbase and M809 series of m817
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of W 38-14?
What was the time of the game that had an NFL recap and a result of W 22–16?
what year was cryptogramophon released
Manufacturer of honda, and a Rank of 8 had what highest wins?
Points larger than 108, and a Wins of 0, and a Rank smaller than 8, and a Manufacturer of honda is what rider?
Rider of stéphane mertens had what lowest points?
Wins of 0, and a Rank larger than 6, and a Manufacturer of kawasaki, and a Rider of massimo broccoli involved what highest points?
Points of 26, and a Rank smaller than 27 had what sum of wins?
what pitcher scored 4
What was the rank for karen frohner with under 1266 points?
What Games covered had a round of divisional finals?
What is the number of Apps for Internazionale Club of Brazil?
In what Season does the Internazionale Club have more than 2 Apps?
For which group was Kim nominated in 2010 for Best International Actress?
What was the result for Thirst in 2010 at the Green Globe Film Awards?
What is the number of years that Kim was nominated at the Sitges Film Festival?
What is the average year in which Kim was nominated for Thirst as Best Actress at the Baeksang Arts Awards?
Which group nominated Kim in years before 2010 for Thirst?
What is the highest year that Kim was nominated for Over the Rainbow?
Which City has a State of massachusetts, and a School of northeastern university?
Which City has a Colony Name of northeastern crescent colony?
Which Colony Name is in west virginia?
Which Colony Name was Founded on january 19, 2012?
What position does the player from the MLS New England Revolution team hold?
Which MLS team had a pick number of 32?
What is the pick number for the player Chris Gomez?
Which position is the MLS team, Los Angeles Galaxy in?
Who is the rookie goalkeeper Rob Scherr who played before week 6?
Who is the rookie goalkeeper Mike Gabel?
What was the lowest week in the month of August against Andrew Combs?
Who was the rookie that played week 6?
What were the opponents from the April 13?
What is the opponent from April 19?
What was the series standing after game 1?
What is the example in English for a tone of mid rising-falling?
What example in English has a Standard Thai of ผ่า?
Which tone has a Standard Thai at ปลา?
Which tone goes with Phonetic of [pʰaː˥˥]?
What is the phonetic when the standard thai is ผ่า?
What is the phonemic when the phonetic is [pʰaː˥˥]?
What is the s default argument without a pseudorandom number generation and no eval function?
What is the lambda function without a pseudorandom number generation, no s default argument, no functions, and no eval function?
In what Venue was Surrey the Opposition in the 2nd Wicket?
In what Wicket in the City of Eastbourne with a Score of less than 368?
Which game took place April 6?
How many Attendance in a match which scores  0:0 - 4:1 (pen)
Which League that has no playoffs in the Year of 2008–09?
Which Play-Off has Events of –, and a Season of a-6?
Which Season has a Year of 2005–06?
Which European has a Play-Off of relegated?
What is the lowest number of caps of the fullback player born on 13 April 1983?
What is the club/province of the player born on 12 May 1984?
What is the club/province of player Alberto Sgarbi, who played wing, with less than 2 caps?
What games have the event of Men's Slalom?
What were the events in the 1976 Innsbruck Games?
What is the medal for the Men's Giant Slalom event?
In the tournament that has 15 events, and less than 6 top-25's, how many top-5's did he have?
In the tournament that had 3 Top-10's, and less than 15 events, how many Top-5's did the player have?
How many wins were in the Masters Tournament with less than 15 events?
In the tournament with more than 6 top-25's and less than 13 cuts made, how many wins were there?
Which father had william iv as a husband?
What is the death date of elisabeth of lorraine?
Which duchess was born on 9 october 1574?
Which image is of the woman married to william iv?
Who is the husband of the image of renata of lorraine?
Who was the husband of marie of baden-sponheim?
Who was the visiting team at the Chicago home game?
What was the date of the home game for Colorado?
What was the date of the game when St. Louis was the home team?
Who was the visiting team when the record was 51–12–4?
What was the date of the home game for Hartford?
How many people attended the 3rd round Emperor's cup with a TMS larger than 12?
What is the average attendance for seasons before 1999 with pos of 8?
What is the socket for the processor with part number ADH2350IAA5DO?
What is the multi 1 for the Athlon x2 BE-2400?
What is the stepping for the processor released June 5, 2007?
What is the v-core for a stepping of G1 and frequency of 1900MHz?
What was the name in English that had a Stat of 7th cut?
Who was the winner in the event with a runner-up of Alberto Mancini?
What was the series score when st. louis was away on april 18?
Who recorded the decision when philadelphia was away?
What was the home team's record on September 30?
What was the home team's record when they played the Twins on September 25?
What was the home team's record when they played the Devil Rays on September 6?
What team did the home team play on September 4?
What was Freddie Starr, who entered on Day 1, known for?
Who exited on Day 12?
What day did the person who finished in 12th place leave on?
What place did the person who left on day 3 finish in?
On which day did the person who is known for the only way is essex star enter?
What was Freddie Starr, who entered on Day 1, known for?
Name the date for week more than 1 and game site of bye
Name the opponent for date of bye and week of 1
Name the opponent for week of 2
What is the team classification with a winner of Beat Zberg, and a points classification of José María Jiménez.
When was the person who died on 16 July 1946 born?
Who is the spouse of the person born on 29 September 1766?
Who is born on 29 September 1766?
Who was born on 10 May 1788 that ceased to be queen?
How is the marriage of who became queen on 30 October 1816 husband's accession?
When was the person who became queen on 15 April 1820 born?
What is their record on April 2?
Which team has the record of 11-6?
What was his record when he went over 1 round?
What event did he have a 2-0 record?
What was his result against dan bobish?
Which Voltage Center (V) has an S-Spec Number of sk096?
Which Voltage Center (V) has an Input Clock (MHz) of 25 x 3, and a Part Number of a80486dx4-75?
What is the low gold total for under 2 total and over 0 silvers?
How many silvers for the nation with under 6 total and under 0 bronze?
The person that was notable for professional wrestling had a Born-Died of what year?
The person that was born in Sydney died in what year?
The person notable for tennis died in what year?
What was the record when the team played at Oakland Seals?
What was the purse when the trainer was Aidan O'Brien?
What is the time for when cornelio velasquez was the jockey?
Who was the jockey when the owner was Richard Pegum?
What is the purse when Aidan O'brien was the trainer?
What is the purse for the year earlier than 2013 and muhannak was the winner?
Who was the trainer in 2013?
Which throw number had a DOB of 19/10/81?
Which first's surname is Cook?
Which position has L bats and Anderson as a surname?
What is the team 2 with a team 1 us gorée?
What is the 2nd leg of team 1 Zamalek SC?
What is the 1st leg of the team with a 2-1 agg.?
What is the 2nd leg of team 2 Far rabat?
How many Watts has a Class of a, and a Frequency of 91.5 fm, and a City of license of elkhart, kansas?
Which Class has a City of license of garden city, kansas?
What is the Frequency that is smaller than 100,000 Watts in guymon, oklahoma?
Which Frequency has a Call sign of kcse?
What year has 59th as a finish position?
What is the 3rd day that has bumped by clare as the 4th day?
Which 2nd day has a year prior to 2009?
What event did Pakistan get the bronze medal at the 1988 Seoul Games?
What sport in the 1960 Rome Games did Pakistan play in the Men's Freestyle Welterweight?
When did Pakistan win a Silver Medal in a Men's Competition?
When did Pakistan win a Gold Medal in Field Hockey?
What team played in the 1964 Tokyo Games?
What sport did the National Team play in the 1968 mexico City Games?
What is the total number of rounds that Center position Denis Arkhipov have?
Who is the player from Round 3 from Russia?
What is the sum of the round with the defenceman?
What is the college club that plays before round 3?
What was the population of the area that was formerly under the authority of the Audenshaw Urban District?
What is the overall pick number that Derrick Harvey was when he was picked in a round after round 1?
What college was the defensive end pick that was picked in round 2?
What is the average round that the player from USF was picked in when his draft pick number was less than 24?
What is the sum of the pick numbers where the player was picked in round 5 and overall pick number was greater than 159?
What is the average overall pick number for the USF player who was picked after round 5?
Which Population is the lowest one that has a Median family income of $74,905, and a Number of households smaller than 145,790?
What is the total number of Serious Bodily Injuries, that has Homicides less than 84?
What is the total number of Rapes that have Embezzlements a figure of 820 and total number of convictions less than 94,574?
What is the lowest example of Embezzlements that have Total Convictions greater than 84,665, Fraud a figure of 1,521, and a Major Violation of Traffic Laws higher than 21,599?
Which year earlier than 2006 has the average Total Convictions of Fraud at 1,521?
How many were in Attendance during a Tie no of 1?
What was the Attendance during the Tamworth Away game?
Which 1st prize ($) has a Winner of scott simpson (7)?
How many 1st prizes have a Date of aug 17?
Which Tournament has a Location of texas, and a Winner of tom watson (39)?
What was the resolution for KO opposing Cliff Beckett?
What is the type when Robert Villemain had a record at 109–1–2?
On what date was the rd. time at 10 with Sammy Angott as an opponent with a record of 33–0?
What is the platform & frequency [MHz] of the whr-g54s model?
What is the voltage iinput [V/A] of the whr-g54s model?
What is the Ethernet port count of the whr-hp-g300n model?
Where is the company headquarted that has a Market value ( USD million) larger than 146,139, a Rank above 3, and a Primary industry of oil and gas?
Which Year has an Album of airwaves, and a US Hot 100 of –?
Which Song has a Year smaller than 1979, and a US Hot 100 of 8?
What is the series record for the game on April 24?
What was the game number that took place on April 27?
Which Opponent has a Attendance of 6,275?
Which Opponent has a Attendance of 7,034?
When has a Result of 0–2 and a Opponent of aberdeen?
Which Venue has a Result of 2–2 and Attendances of 5,760?
Which Venue has Attendances of 11,045?
When Venue of A has Attendance of 4,365?
What is the 1st leg that has a 2nd leg of 0–0 of olympique khouribga?
What is the 1st leg of cs sfaxien?
Name the finish for lee janzen
Name the most total with to par more than 16
What was the Steeler's record when they played against the new york Jets?
What is the Result from the Date that is December 8, 1963?
What is the date when the attendance is 960?
What is the date of the away venue with an opponent of wightlink raiders with an attendance larger than 375?
What is the average attendance when the opponent is telford tigers?
What is the result when the attendance is 960?
Name the tournament for 2006 of a, 1996 of 1r and 2004 of 1r
Name the 2003 for atp masters series 1998
Name the 1997 for atp masters series 1992
what city is brule in
Who was performer 3 with karen maruyama as performer 2?
What day was wayne brady performer 2, ryan stiles performer 4, and an episode number greater than 5?
Which course has a flat stage on 4 September?
What is the date for the La Granja de San Ildefonso to Alto de Navacerrada course?
Who won the Granada course?
What is the distance for the 5 September race?
What is the race date for the course Jaén to Córdoba?
What was the average election year that has less than 136 deputies, and 1,560,753 votes received?
What percentage of the vote was 1,255,153 of received votes?
What were the number of deputies for the 1964 election year?
What is the number of deputies with 94.2% of the votes?
What was deputies with the lowest number of unknown received votes, in an election year after 1986?
Which Result has a Date of 7 june 2000?
Which Venue has a Date of 21 june 2000?
Which Competition has a Venue of jan breydel, bruges, belgium?
Which Date has a Result of 3–4?
Game site of shea stadium, and a Week smaller than 10, and a Opponent of baltimore colts happened on what date?
Game site of candlestick park had what opponent?
Game site of miami orange bowl, and a Attendance larger than 49,754 happened on what highest week?
Opponent of denver broncos happened on what date?
Name the score when february is more than 24 and has a record of 9-8-2
Name the most game with opponent of hartford whalers
What is the distance for the course Civitavecchia to San Vincenzo?
Who won at course Forlì to Carpi?
What was the distance on 24 May?
what is the runner-up for the intercontinental cup
Which average attendance has stoneman (0-2) as the loss?
What is the average attendance that has april 12 as the date?
Clock rate (MHz) smaller than 400, and a Bandwidth (MB/s) of 1420 has what channels?
Bandwidth (MB/s) smaller than 4800, and a Bus width (bits) smaller than 16 has what highest Clock rate (MHz)?
Designation of pc800 has which highest Bus width (bits)?
Which Year has a Start of 14?
Which Year has a Finish of 22, and a Team of swan?
Which Finish has a Start of 15, and a Team of bahari?
Which Team has a Year of 2000?
What is the info for the year 2010, for the Australian Open tournament?
Which Windows system has Windows Mobile of unknown, and a Mac OS X of yes, and another Unix of yes, and an AmigaOS of partial?
Which Android has anOther Unix of unknown?
Which Mac OS X has an AmigaOS of partial?
Which Mac OS X has a Linux of no, and an AmigaOS of no, and an Android of unknown?
Which AmigaOS has a Windows Mobile of no, and an Android of no?
What was the score for the game against the Golden State Warriors?
What was the score of game 43?
Who was the opposing team for the February 1 game?
What's the total of Year that's got a Team of Porsche Kremer Racing?
Which Class has a Chassis of Mazda 787B?
What Year has a Tyre of D, and Chassis of Mazda 787?
What is the total number of Laps that's got a Year less than 1987?
In what week was the Result L 35-10?
What is listed for Played that has Points against of 263?
What is listed under Played that has a Club of Morriston RFC?
What is listed for the Tries against that has a Played of 22, along with a Club of Ystalyfera RFC?
What is listed for Points for that has a Club of Club?
Which Losing Bonus has a Try Bonus of 8?
What is listed for the Drawn that has a Tray bonus of 5 wiht Points for of 517?
Name the average top-10 for cuts made of 10 and top-25 more than 6
Name the most top-5 for wins less than 0 and events less than 16
Name the least top-10 for cuts made less than 11 and wins more than 0
Name the least cuts for top-5 more than 2 with top 25 less than 6 and top 10 less than 11
Has Episode 1b-16 (42) been preserved?
How many international passengers have less than 88,592 aircraft movements with 319,093 transit passengers with less than 4 rank?
What is the sum of all domestic passengers with 10.9% change and less than 4,022 tonnes in freight?
Which in 2004 has a 2003 of 1r and Wimbledon Tournament
What is in 2007 has 2004 olympic games?
What is in 2002 has a 2001 score 1–0, and a 2000 of 3–0?
What is in 2003 that has a Career Win-Loss of 6–7
What is the score of the game that had a decision of Parent, home team of Philadelphia, and visitor of Pittsburgh?
Which Top-5 is the lowest one that has Wins smaller than 0?
Which Cuts made is the highest one that has a Top-5 of 1, and a Top-25 larger than 16?
Which Events is the highest one that has a Top-5 larger than 5, and a Top-10 larger than 28?
When was the earliest that New England Patriots played?
What is the average week with St. Louis Cardinals with less than 80,010 attendance?
Which Runs is the highest one that has a Match larger than 63, and a Venue of national stadium, karachi, and a Year smaller than 1996?
Which Year has a Match of 63?
Which Match has Runs of 100, and a Year larger than 1994?
How many matches have a City/Country of karachi, pakistan, and a Year larger than 1996?
What is the highest number of Silvers for rank 7 teams with 1 gold and under 1 bronze?
What is the fewest number of silvers for teams with more than 21 gold and more than 4 bronze?
What is the average number of silvers for teams ranked 5 with 0 bronze?
Where was the game with a result of won 5-0?
What was the date of the game with a result of won 4-2?
What was the date of the game against Hayes & Yeading United?
Where was the game with a result of won 5-0?
If the RR Rate is less than 0.75 with a result of RR:08,09, what is the average appeared?
What's the total appeared that has an RR Rate less than 0.17?
For Angelique Kerber who had an RR Rate of less than 0.33, what's the appeared?
What is the lowest population of the county with an area (km²) of 565.39 and a population density less than 23.54?
What is the area (km²) of Nairnshire county, which has a population less than 11,050?
What was the Attendance of August 26?
What is the end of the term associted with the Prime Minister Abbott?
What is the highest number of severe tropical cyclones when there are 10 tropical cyclones and 14 tropical lows?
What is the highest yards when there are 0 INTs?
How many INTs were there with an average less than 8, 0 long, and the player is Mike Douglass?
What is Randy Scott's lowest yards when there are 0 INTs and more than 3 sacks?
How many INTs are there with an average of 0 and more than 7 Sacks?
Which track in Austria has Bobsleigh-skeleton curves with a grade of 14%?
What is the shortest length of a track in Norway that has a maximum grade of 15% and a vertical drop less than 122.22 m?
What is the highest vertical drop among the 1,200 meter long tracks?
How many Attendance has a Opponent of west bromwich albion, and a Result of 3 – 3, and a Match larger than 20?
WHich Match has a Venue of h on 22 september 1888 with Attendances smaller than 4,000?
What is the venue of the match on 5 April 2000?
What is the round number of the match with Michael Buell as the opponent?
What is the time of the match with a win result, more than 2 rounds, and Makoto Ishikawa as the opponent?
what team scored 65-87
what was the score on september 14
What form factor has capacities at 60/120/180/240?
Which value for Form factor has Sandforce with Capacity 80/120/180/240/360/480 introduced in July 2013?
Which controller has an interface of pcie 2.0 × 8?
Which controller is NAND type 25nm mlc-het with sequential read/write MB/s of 270/210?
Which interface uses Sandforce with a code name of Sierra Star?
What is the Highest finish with a Most recent finish that was 2nd?
What is the result of the game at the Shea Stadium at 12:30pm (ET)?
Which Played is the lowest one that has a Blackpool smaller than 0?
Which Blackpool is the highest one that has a Draw larger than 18?
How much Preston North End has a Blackpool smaller than 0?
Which Blackpool has a Preston North End smaller than 46, and a Competition of other, and a Draw larger than 1?
What is the finish for the chip ganassi racing team that was later than 2010 and a Start of 17?
What is shown for Chassis for the year of 2007?
What is the name of the team with a finish of 19?
What is the Finish when the start shows 3 in the year of 2010?
What is the Engine with 3 as the start in the year of 2007?
What was the Score on October 24, 1982 in Tokyo, Japan?
What Tournament on October 24, 1982 had Alycia Moulton as the Partner?
Who were the Opponents when Laura DuPont had Pam Shriver as Partner with a Score of 6-3, 6-3?
On what Surface was the match with a Score of 3-6, 1-6 played?
In what Tournament was Barbara Jordan a Partner with a Score of 6-2, 3-6, 3-6?
Name the points with tries for of 40
Name the played with losing bonus of 3 and points against of 426
Name the club with points of 56
Name the points against for porthcawl rfc
Name the club for drawn of 0 and lost of 0
Name the points with lost of 19
result is lost re-election republican gain, what is the district?
Which Winning constructor has a Winning driver of felice nazzaro?
Who is Winning driver on 18 may?
WHo is Winning driver that is in st. petersburg - moscow?
Which Date has a Winning constructor of fiat and a Winning driver of louis wagner?
Which Report is on 1 june?
When is vanderbilt cup in?
Which event is in round 1 with a record at 5-1?
When the country is Cambodia and the total is smaller than 1 what's the lowest silver?
What is the highest gold for Cambodia when the total is less than 1?
What is the total silver when bronze is smaller than 0?
What is the total when the gold of 0, and a bronze larger than 1?
What is the total when bronze has a silver larger than 2?
What is the sum of silver medals for teams with more than 14 total medals and more than 16 golds?
What is the rank of the team having 3 bronzes and 0 silver?
How many tries against did the club with 383 points against have?
How many tries against did the club with 48 tries for have?
How many points did the club with 13 losses and 461 points against have?
How many tries against did Pentyrch RFC have?
What is the lowest drawn that has games less than 7?
Hoe many of lost have points greater than 14?
How many of lost have 11 as the points, and a drawn greater than 1?
What is the lowest game that has a drawn less than 0?
Which Total is the lowest one that has a Bronze of 0, and a Silver larger than 0, and a Rank of 5?
Which Bronze has a Total smaller than 2, and a Silver larger than 0, and a Gold smaller than 0?
Which Rank is the lowest one that has a Nation of switzerland, and a Bronze smaller than 0?
Which Total is the highest one that has a Bronze of 0, and a Nation of poland, and a Gold smaller than 0?
What is the save of the game that 23,394 people attended?
What is the date of the game with more than 16,015 in attendance with a Colorado Visitor?
Whihc Date is the lowest one that has a Competition of league, and a Venue of away, and an Opponent of swindon wildcats, and an Attendance larger than 1,201?
How many Dates have an Opponent of romford raiders, and a Result of won 7-3, and an Attendance larger than 1,769?
Which Date has an Opponent of milton keynes lightning, and an Attendance smaller than 1,771?
Which Attendance has a Date of october 25?
Which Score has a Visitor of atlanta?
Which Yards has a Attempts of 247
Which yard has a Completion of 64.9%?
Which Completions has Yards of 10,098?
When has Attempts of 282 ?
Which Completions has Attempts of 1,271?
which Completion % has a Yards of 2,175?
What was the surface for Adrian Ungur as an opponent?
What was the score on a clay surface on May 29, 2006?
Which tournament had a score of 6–3, 7–6?
On what surface was the opponent Michael Berrer?
What game has 2 points?
How many total drawn has less than 4 lost and 8 points?
How many lost are there before game 7?
How many touchdowns did the player with less than 4495 yards, long of less than 80, and yds/att less than 5.5 have?
How many attempts did the player ranking with a number higher than 1, who started after 1997 and had yds/att of 5 have?
What is the average net yds for the player who had a long of 68 and started after 1984?
What is the lowest number of attempts for the player with a rank number larger than 3, who started after 1984 and had less than 6.1 yds/att?
Which film was made before 2002?
Which film has a role named Taylor?
What notes does the film Touch & go have?
What language is the film Marion Bridge?
What language is the film with a character named Annabelle?
What is the lowest pick from the Furman School that is a round smaller than 8?
What is the total number of round picks from the Morris Brown School?
What is the total number of rounds for the player of Rell Tipton?
On what date was game 3 played?
Which game took place on April 22?
What was the standing in the series after game 1?
Which race had a time of 1:24.35?
What was the date for the G1 group race at Flemington?
What was the combined weight in kilograms of the horses in the race at Chelmsford stakes?
In what year was the artist Afro-dite?
What stadium was the game held at on December 23, 2001?
What is the Record for the game held on December 2, 2001?
What is the average Game where there were 65,666 in attendance?
Driving Force EX of 25cm (10-inch) involves what feature?
GT Force of no, and a Driving Force Pro of no, and a G27 Racing Wheel of no has what driving force gt?
Feature of gear stick involves which driving force gt?
Driving Force EX of no, and a Driving Force GT of yes, and a Driving Force Pro of yes has what feature?
Driving Force EX of no, and a Driving Force Pro of no, and a G25 Racing Wheel of no involves which g27 racing wheel?
GT Force of yes, and a G27 Racing Wheel of 16 involves which driving force ex?
What is the score on october 7?
How many people went to the game that had 17-13?
What is the highest rank for the airport with a code of HKG/VHHH?
How many Points have Drawn of 7, and a Team of corinthians, and a Played larger than 18?
Which Points is the highest one that has a Position of 5, and a Played smaller than 18?
Which Drawn is the average one that has a Position smaller than 9, and Points smaller than 22, and a Lost smaller than 9, and an Against larger than 29?
How many Against have Played smaller than 18?
What is the points difference associated with more than 3 points and more than 0 losses?
What is the difference associated with more than 2 losses and more than 1 point?
What location did game 64 take place
What was the Attendance after Week 7 at Tiger Stadium?
What was the Attendance at the Game with a Result of w 21–7?
How many years have a Make/ Model of new flyer c40lfr?
Which Make/ Model that Numbers (Quantity Ordered) of 1461–1500 (40 buses)?
Which Fuel Propulsion has Numbers (Quantity Ordered) of 7124-7156 (33 buses)?
Which Numbers (Quantity Ordered) have a Fuel Propulsion of cng, and a Year smaller than 2008, and a Make/ Model of nabi 40-lfw?
Which Numbers (Quantity Ordered) have a Make/ Model of eldorado national passport?
What is the earliest year for Alabama with a pick under 26?
Which player was pick 2 later than 2010?
Which position has a pick greater than 28?
what team played on august 25
What class is associated with 0 stages won, a hummer, and before 2009?
What position did he finish in 2012?
What year did he compete in the car class and win 0 stages?
on week of february 12, in the west division, what is the position?
What is the listed Location with a # found of 4?
What's the Ball Diameter with the Location oof El Manati, and the Period of 1200 BCE?
What's the Ball Diameter with the Culture of Olmec?
What's the Period with # found of 5?
Which Country has azeri tv tower?
What is Pinnacle height of chimney of orot rabin?
Which Country has a Pinnacle height of metres (ft) and a Name of azeri tv tower?
Which Town has a Structural type of guyed mast and a Country of belgium?
What is the Main use of emley moor tower (mk.3)?
What is the Main use of transmitter solt in Hungary?
what day was the sandown
What is the Birth of the lady that has a Became Duchess on 18 august 1593 husband's accession?
Who is the Spouse of the Duchess that has a Birth on 29 october 1451?
Who is The Spouse of the Duchess that has a Became Duchess  on 31 october 1733 husband's accession?
WHo Became Duchess that has a Death of 26 october 1614?
What is the Spouse of the Duchess that has a Death on 6 april 1780?
Which season with 16 races had less than 321 points and a larger percent than 65.78 possible?
What season had less than 301 points and 17 races?
What time did bruce anstey complete in a honda 1000cc?
Who holds the time of 17:11.572?
Who holds the time of 17:11.572?
What machine did susan jenness trophy earn the trophy?
2008 GDP per capita (USD) is smaller than 20,682, and District is chubut, and a Structural poverty g larger than 15.5, what is the average manufac?
Agri culture b larger than 12.6, what is the lowest vehicles per 1000?
Manufac turing b of 16.8, and a 2008 GDP per capita (USD) a smaller than 4,162, so what is the total number of mining b?
Manufac turing b larger than 10, and a 2008 GDP per capita (USD) a larger than 4,162, and a Median mo. salary (USD)of 1,301, and a 2010 Population (000) smaller than 40117 so what is the lowest services & construction b?
Income poverty f smaller than 13.6, and a Mining b of 1, and a Structural poverty g smaller than 7.8, so what is the total number of agriculture?
What's the bulgarian word for January?
What's the old bulgarian word for тръвен?
What's the old Bulgarian word for avgust?
What's the old bulgarian word for октомври?
What's the Bulgarian word for september?
What's the old Bulgarian word for may?
Who was the Opponent when the Save was || 36,388 ||15-7||?
What Opponent played on the Date May 21?
What was the Score when the Loss was ruthven (1-4)?
What was the highest pick for Penn State?
What position does pick number 12 play?
What is the pick number for the College of Central Missouri State?
What was Rich Voltzke's highest pick number?
How many Games has Points larger than 0 and a Lost smaller than 4?
which Points has Games smaller than 7?
How many Drawns have Points smaller than 5 and a Lost larger than 7?
Which record has a date of January 29?
Which score has a visitor of New York?
What is the name of the visitor on January 24?
Which home game has a date of January 7?
How many specialists are at the college with more than 4 bachelor's degrees and more than 26 master's degrees?
How many bachelor's degrees does the college with less than 0 specialists have?
What is the highest number of doctorates the college of informatics and systems, which has 0 specialists and less than 2 master's degrees, have?
On what Date is the Blue Coalition 8,80%?
What Source has an Attack of 9,77%?
What Attack has a Source of NCIOM?
What Attack has a 30,00% GERB?
What GERB has an 11% Attack?
Which Tie # has a Score of 3–0, and a Home team of bristol rovers?
Which Score has a Home team of yeovil town won 5–3 on penalties?
Which Tie # has an Away team of slough town?
Which Attendance has a Tie # of 32?
Which Away team has a Tie # of replay, and an Attendance of 24 november 1998, and a Home team of rotherham united?
Which Tie # that has an Attendance of 14 november 1998, and an Away team of hayes?
Name the date with winner outcome and opponent of noppawan lertcheewakarn jessica moore
Name the score for 21 may 2011
Name the partner with opponent of michaëlla krajicek eleni daniilidou
Name the outcome for opponent of michaëlla krajicek eleni daniilidou
How many wins had Matches greater than 5?
What was the round number when Michael Hjalm played?
What is the position Bill Campbell played before round 6?
What is the date for the release with a catalogue number of WARPCDD333?
What is the country/region for the releases from Beat Records?
What is the Total with a Player named robbie winters?
What Position has a Player named kenneth udjus?
What is the latest day in November of the game with a 15-5-2 record?
What is the latest day in November with a game 15?
What is the lowest wins with points larger than 46, and a rank of 10th?
What is the average points with a year higher than 1989, and a rank of 7th?
What is the year that has points larger than 20?
What is year that has points larger than 46, and a rank of 6th?
What earliest year with points larger than 68 and a rank of 7th?
what player went to ul-monroe
How many drawn having more than 9 points?
Which Number stayed in Southeast has over 4,000 emigrated or forcibly removed?
How many warfare deaths befell the choctaw nation?
How many of those who stayed in the southeast had 19,600 emigrated or forcibly removed?
Which removal treaty covered the chickasaw nation?
Who is the GC leader when Laurent Jalabert was the stage winner and the stage was greater than 6?
When did stage 5 occur?
Who were the opponents during week 14?
What is the highest attendance for the game before week 13 on December 9, 1973?
What is the average attendance for the games after week 2 on September 23, 1973?
What is the total number of weeks where games were on November 5, 1973 and the attendance was larger than 49,220?
Record of 9–1 had what game site?
Record of 8–1, and a Week larger than 9 had what highest attendance?
Result of w 24–21, and a Week smaller than 6 had what sum of attendance?
Date of October 25, 1964 involves what record?
What is the high total for algeria with over 2 bronzes?
What is the highest number of silvers for qatar with under 8 total, 0 golds, and over 2 bronzes?
How many bronzes for the nation with over 20 total, under 26 golds, and over 0 silvers?
Who one bronze in the event where Choi Jun-Sang won gold, and Suh Jung-Kyun won silver?
Who won bronze in Seoul?
Who won bronze is 2006?
What year did the event in Hiroshima take place?
Who won bronze in 2002?
What is the game number of the game with the Edmonton Oilers as the opponent after February 12?
How many Seasons that has Years of 1976–1977?
Name the men's singles for christian wagener christian esch
Name the total numbe rof years for gaby weissen mireille kosmala
Name the mixed doubles with martine ludwig angele da cruz, and men's doubles of christian wagener christian esch
What week of the season had a date of october 5, 1975?
How many Events have a Top-10 larger than 6, and a Top-5 smaller than 8?
How many Wins have a Top-10 smaller than 6, and Cuts made larger than 7, and a Top-5 of 0?
What is the result of the game on May 14?
What is the result of the game on May 14 with Philadelphia as the road team?
What is the result of the game on May 4 with Philadelphia as the road team?
What is the road team of game 6 with Philadelphia as the home team?
What is the result of game 5 with Los Angeles as the home team?
What is the road team of the game with Philadelphia as the home team with a result of 105-102?
What were the options that were completed before the 4 th task that had viewers selecting nan?
when was it announced that the viewers selected robi out of alex, ejay, nan, robi?
What day was it when viewers selected ejay?
Which Result has a Party of republican, and a First elected smaller than 1856?
Which District has a First elected of 1856, and an Incumbent of william kellogg?
Which First elected has a District of illinois 3?
How much First elected has a Result of re-elected, and a Party of republican, and a District of illinois 4?
on january 7 what is home?
on january 12 who was the visitor?
on january 7 what is the record?
What is the total number of silver medals of the team with less than 2 gold, 1 bronze, and more than 2 total medals?
What is the highest number of silver medals of the team with less than 0 bronzes?
What is the total number of silver medals of the team ranked 7 with more than 1 total medal?
What is the average number of bronze medals of the team with 0 silvers, ranked 3, and less than 1 total medal?
What is the number of silver medals of the team with 0 gold, ranked 5, and more than 0 bronze medals?
What was the sum for a top-10 U.S. open that had a top-25 bigger than 0?
What were the total number of cuts made in an event larger than 4 and a top-10 smaller than 4?
What is the total number of top-25 that has a top-10 smaller than 4 with 0 cuts?
What was the cuts average in tournament totals in an event larger than 24?
What is the total for a top-10 in a masters tournament in an event smaller than 4?
Which Against is the highest one that has a Team of flamengo, and a Lost smaller than 1?
How many Lost have a Team of flamengo, and an Against smaller than 5?
Which Played is the highest one that has Points of 5, and a Drawn smaller than 1?
What was the nationality for the player in Round 1?
Who plays the right wing position?
What celebrity finished 6th?
What day did the celebrity who finished 4th enter?
Which celebrity who was famous for being the ex busted member and TV presenter exited on day 19?
Which celebrity was famous for finishing 9th?
What rank did Myleene Klass finish?
Opponent of kilmarnock, and a Result of 1–1 happened in what venue?
what is the weight of a shot that is xx-inch?
What is the length of the film with Burleigh Sullivan as the character?
What is the length of the film with the character type being a milkman turned prizefighter?
What is the character name that has phyllis welch as the leading lady?
Who directed the film that had phyllis welch as the leading lady?
What was the character name for the film with a release date of July 29, 1938?
What Locomotive was Delivered as T414?
What Owner Delivered the T415?
What is the Entered service date of the T413?
What is the Delivered as name of the H3 Locomotive?
What is the Entered service date of the H1 Locomotive?
What was the highest week with a result of l 16–12?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of l 27–3?
What was the date of the game with a result of bye before week 12?
What was the record at the game against the Los Angeles Rams?
Who is the opponent from September 28?
Who was the opponent at the game later than game 22 when the record was 17-10-4?
What were the Opponents of the team, that made it to the third round, before 2008?
What was the score in 1997 for the team that has a Progress of no entrants?
Which Cmp % has an Int smaller than 2 and a Cmpnsmaller than 1?
How many Atts that have Yards of 43 and a Long larger than 43?
How many Ints have a Rating smaller than 87, and Yards larger than 4?
Which visitor has detroit as the home, and february 24 as the date?
What score has detroit as the home and february 17 as the date?
What shows for Scorers when the Opponent was west germany on October 7?
Who was the director of Battalion Wars 2 which was released on GCN after 2004?
What year was Metroid Prime Hunters 5 released?
What platform was used for the game directed by Bryan Walker after 2006?
What 3ds game did Naohiko Aoyama direct?
What was the score when the loss was hideo nomo (3–5)?
What was the score on may 19?
Name of the highest Pick is also a Round greater than 5 and Player as Tom Ivey?
What Nationality is the Pick that is 116?
What is the total of Pick with a Position of n/a and Greg Wendt as Player with a Round less than 6?
What was the score at 3:27?
What is the cardinal direction of Monday in English?
What is the cardinal direction northwest in English?
What is the sign of Burmese taninganwe တနင်္ဂနွေ?
What is the cardinal direction of Wednesday p.m. in English?
What is the sign of the Burmese taninganwe တနင်္ဂနွေ?
On January 5 who was the home team?
What was the Pick Number when the position was wide receiver, the college was Southern Miss with an overall less than 186?
Let's say position was linebacker with a pick number less than 5, what was the highest round?
What transfer window has baptista as the name?
What country has a loan as the type?
What type has song as the name?
What ends has transferred as the type?
What moving has fra as the country?
What transfer window has bra as the country, with £3.4m as the transfer fee?
Which Incumbent has a District of massachusetts 2?
Which Incumbent has a District of massachusetts 8?
Which District has a First elected larger than 1858?
What episode has  a manual motorcycle transmissions section D?
What segment A is associated with a Segment C of paint chip cards?
What segment A is associated with a Segment D of manual motorcycle transmissions?
What is shown for Austria when Croatia shows Ireland?
What is the smallest number for 102 when Friendly of friendly, and an Austria of greece?
What is the Losing bonus with an extra try bonus?
What did the loss come from a Club of mumbles rfc?
Round of 1, and a Record of 10–2 had what method?
Record of 3–1 had what Res?
Record of 47–5 (1) involved what res?
Opponent of sergei bondarovich, and a Record of 2–0 had what method?
Method of submission (chin in the eye) had what opponent?
Opponent of leonardo castello branco had what record?
In what year did Carmen Worley win in the women's singles category?
Who won in the men's doubles in 1980?
Who won in mixed doubles in 2008?
Who won women's double in 2002, the year that Kenneth Vella won men's singles?
Who was the opponent in Belgrade and had a result of 5:2?
On what date was there a friendly game against Wales?
What were the results against the game against Egypt?
What were the results against the game against Skoplje?
What type of game was held against France with the results of 3:1?
Name the 2012 for us open
Name the 2012 for 2009 of a and 2010 of a and 2011 of a
Name the 2012 for us open
Name the tournament for 2010 of grand slam tournaments
What is the attendance number for the record of 17-22?
What is the record when the loss is westbrook (1-6)?
What is the final score of the 1st round game of club Union Luxembourg?
Which competition features the 1st round of Club Union Luxembourg?
Which Competition has a 2nd round score of 1:0, 0:1 (4:3 a.p.)?
What's the final score of the competition that features the club of fk Austria wien?
Which club has a 2nd round score of 1:0, 3:0?
What is the mission for switzerland as a resident County?
What is the local mission that has kingstown as a local location?
What is the local mission that has ambassador as the local position, and a mission of suriname?
What is the local location that has senegal as the resident county, and a mission of mali?
What is the local mission that has none as a local location, high commissioner as a local position, fiji as a resident county, and a mission of tonga?
What is the mission that has ambassador of local position, and a resident country of democratic republic of congo?
What position did the player play in the european cross country championships in 2008?
What venue hsoted the european cross country championships with a notes of junior men individual 6.595km?
What position did the person finish in with a notes of junior men individual 5.64km?
What venue hosted in 2005 and had a Notes of men individual 9.84km?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of w 20-17?
What is the total number of weeks with a game at the Milwaukee County Stadium attended by 47,897?
What is the highest round that had a pick lower than 8?
What title does Overkill have before 1984?
What is the Departure time at Kanpur Central Station?
What is the Station Name of Platform 5?
What is the average pick # of the player from round 11?
What is the overall of the player with a pick # higher than 13?
what year did naga bonar take place
Which Friendly has a 3 March of 17 november?
Natural change (per 1000) smaller than 14.3, and a Deaths of 104 000 had how many live births?
Natural change (per 1000) smaller than -1, and a Crude birth rate (per 1000) smaller than 10.5, and a Deaths of 102 400 has what highest crude death rate per 1000?
Natural change (per 1000) larger than 8.2, and a Crude birth rate (per 1000) of 26.4 involves how many deaths?
Natural change of 42 689 has which lowest Crude birth rate (per 1000)?
What is the sum of votes for the green party?
What is the sum of votes of the party with a % of 0.53 and more than 0 seats?
What was the time of the game on April 5?
Which 2011 has a 2010 of 1r, and a 2009 of 1r?
Which Tournament has a 2009 of q1, and a 2008 of 1r?
Which 2008 has a 2009 of A, and a 2010 of A, and a 2012 of 1r, and a Tournament of cincinnati masters?
Which 2009 has a 2008 of A, and a Tournament of canada masters?
Which 2008 has a 2009 of A, and a Tournament of cincinnati masters?
Which 2012 has a 2010 of 0–0?
What Date had a Partner of urszula radwańska?
Which Opponent had a Surface of hard, and a Partner of maria elena camerin?
Which Partner had an Opponent of darija jurak carmen klaschka?
Which Date had an Outcome of runner-up, and a Surface of carpet?
Which Surface had an Opponent of fernanda hermenegildo monika kochanova?
Who was the opponent in the game that was attended by 42,000 people?
Who was the opponent in the game that was attended by 48,000 people?
On what day(s) did the Gophers play against Michigan?
What was the result of the game that was attended by 16,000 people?
Which Season has an Agg of 4–1, and an Opponent of rapid wien?
Which Home has an Opponent of brøndby?
Which Away has an Opponent of slavia prague?
Which Away has a Competition of uefa cup, and an Opponent of anderlecht?
Which Away has a Home of 2–2?
Which Away has a Season of 2001–02, and an Opponent of dinaburg?
What is the total number for grid with a Suzuki GSX-R1000 K7 for +13.283?
What was the time for a grid less than 6 for Noriyuki Haga?
What was the time for a grid more than 6 in less than 23 laps with a Honda CBR1000RR?
What is the sum of laps for Karl Muggeridge on a grid less than 16?
How many points have less than 126 2nd and nationality of aut?
Which album awarded Paul McGuinness a Lifetime Achievement Award?
Which act's album has a name of All That You Can't Leave Behind?
In what year did Aslan receive a Lifetime Achievement Award and Snow Patrol perform?
Who won the Lifetime Achievement Award when Snow Patrol performed and Juliet Turner presented?
What band performed when Samantha Mumba presented?
What is the lowest Draws for a season later than 1919 with more than 0 wins?
What is the sum of Draws for a season later than 1964?
What is the sum of Wins when draws shows 0 in 1964?
What is the highest Draws for a season later than 1926 with less than 0 wins?
What is the highest Draws with less than 18 losses for north melbourne later than 1926?
what week had a player named zach
What is the largest number for SHTS for the San Jose earthquakes with MINS larger than 2700?
What is the sum of Rank when Pat Onstad was the goalkeeper?
What is the club for the 132 SHTS?
What is the largest MINS for the San Jose Earthquakes with a SHTS less than 166?
When has a Surface of clay, and an Opponent in the final of andrés gómez javier sánchez?
Which Tournament has a Partner of karel nováček?
Which Tournament is in 1993 with a Score in the final of 6–2, 2–6, 7–5?
Riggs of e, and a Buechel & Manhart spelling (pronunciation) of e had what ullrich?
Rood & Taylor of o, and a Buechel & Manhart spelling (pronunciation) of o had what university of Minnesota?
Dakota Mission of t, and a Deloria & Boas of tʽ, and a Ullrich of tȟ had what white hat?
Deloria & Boas of n included what university of Minnesota?
Deloria & Boas of ų, and a Dakota Mission of un had what Buechel & Manhart spelling (pronunciation)?
University of Minnesota of ṭ had what Deloria & Boas?
Which November has a Game smaller than 16, and Points larger than 22?
Which Record has a Game larger than 15, and Points smaller than 31, and a November of 7?
What is the highest number of bronze for the United States with more than 1 silver?
What is the sum of all silver medals with more than 2 bronze?
What is the lowest number of silver medals with a rank of 4 and total medals greater than 1?
What is the average number of bronze medals with 1 silver, 5 gold, and over 6 total medals?
What is the highest rank with less than 2 bronze, more than 1 gold, and less than 1 silver?
Who remixed an album of dance remixes?
Who remixed a music video in 1985?
What year was Mother's Live remix created?
Which position ranked 10th overall?
Which player played wide receiver after 2008?
Which Player has a Date of 13 july 2007?
Which Player had a Date of 31 jan. 2008, and a Transfer fee of £3.87m?
Which Date had a Transfer fee of £8.8m?
Which From club had a Transfer fee of £3.87m?
Which Player had a From club of atlético madrid?
What is the decision of the game larger than 6.
On May 8 what series is it?
Which KOREAN has a CHINESE of 師子菩提 / shīzǐpútí?
Which JAPANESE has a KOREAN of 상나화수 / sanahwasa?
Which SANSKRT has a CHINESE of 摩拏羅 / mónáluó?
Which SANSKRT has a JAPANESE of jayana?
Which VIETNAMESE has a CHINESE of 婆須密 / póxūmì?
Which VIETNAMESE has a CHINESE of 不如密多 / bùrúmìduō?
What is the mean pick number for Iowa College when the overall is less than 200?
What was the result on 26 October 1993?
Who was the Away team on the result of 1-5 aet?
What season had a date of 30 august 1980
What round had a home of FC augsburg with the result of 3-0?
What is the office held by member Mark Coulton?
What office is held by Electorate Hume?
Which memeber has nt as the state?
Which memeber has nsw as the state, a first elected of 1952, and alp as the party?
Which party has wa as the state, and hon victor garland as the memeber?
Which party has a first elected of 1966, qld as the state, and donald milner cameron as the member?
Which memeber has a first elected of 1972, alp as the party, vic as the state, and an electorate of gellibrand?
Where was the game played with a 2013 left and Royals nickname?
What joined that was founded prior to year 1856 and whose current conference is the Big South (NCAA Division I)?
What is the total number of teams founded that were left in 1976?
What is the Set 1 when the date is 08 jul, and a Set 2 of 25–21?
What is the Score for Set 2 of 24–26?
What shows for Report hen there is a set 1 of 19–25?
What is the Date with a Time of 17:37, and the Set 4 is 25–15?
What is the Report with a Score of 3–1, and Set 1 is 19–25?
What is the Report for 08 jul, and a Score of 3–1?
What is the Nation with a Record that is 7.39?
What is the Date with a Record that is 7.39?
What is Episode, when XII Season is 4 118 160 (26 september 2010)?
What is VII Season, when Episode is 11?
What is XII Season, when Episode is 6?
What is Episode, when VIII Season is 5 082 535 (19 October 2008)?
What is XIII Season, when VIII Season is 4 780 743 (2 november 2008)?
Which Lost has Points of 28 and a Drawn smaller than 8?
How many Againsts have Points larger than 31 and a Drawn larger than 6?
What is the highest number of votes for McCain in a county that voted 1.6% for other, 40.5% for McCain, and fewer than 256,299 votes for Obama?
What is the highest number of votes for McCain in a county with fewer than 6,379 votes for Obama and 52.8% of votes for McCain?
What is the Round with 1 Behinds?
What is the goals for Round 15?
What was the Attendance on 31 January 1987?
What was the location and attendance with a score of w 89–86 (ot)?
How many games had a score of l 91–95 (ot)?
What is the name of the player for the 2010-2011 season, from a Free Agency and is Number 14?
Which season had a trade with the school/club team La Salle?
Who is the position for the 2009-2010 season, number 1?
What is the name for the forward in the 2009-2010 season?
What is the number for the forward position from the school/club team La Salle?
Who is the position from the school/club Far Eastern?
What is the highest number of games played for teams with 3 draws, 5 losses, and under 39 points?
What is the highest number of losses for teams with under 3 draws and 51 points?
Tell me the record for a time in seconds smaller than 5.22.
What sport was played on November 14, 2009?
Whose Visitor has a Record of 3–18?
When has a Leading scorer of ricky davis (20)?
Which  Home has a Leading scorer of dajuan wagner (25) and a Score of 89–82? Question 3
When has a Visitor of bulls?
Which Visitor has a Home of bulls?
WHich Home is on 14 december 2002?
What is the profession of Skaj Vikler, who entered the house on day 1 and was evicted on day 29?
What is the profession of the housemate from Leskovac city?
When did slađana pejić, who was evicted on day 29, enter the house?
What is slađana pejić's profession?
What city is the housemate who entered the house on day 1 and whose profession was a tv presenter from?
What is the profession of the housemate from Leskovac city?
What is the show on Tuesday when the time is 01:00 AM?
What is the show on Thursday when the time is 02:00 AM?
Which show is on at 02:00 AM on Monday?
Which show runs on Friday at 05:00 AM?
What is the home team of the UEFA cup in the 2000-2001 season with a second round?
What is the away team of the UEFA champions league?
Which Position has a League of southern league premier division, and a Season of 2004–05?
Which Draw has a Season of 2001–02, and Points larger than 47?
Which Lost is the highest one that has a Season of 2001–02, and Points larger than 47?
How many bronze numbers had a total of more than 4 when the rank is less than four, germany is involved, and there's less than 5 silver?
Which Place has Phil Mickelson as the Player?
What is the To Par for Player Chris Riley?
Which Player has a Place of T2 and a Country listed as Fiji?
What is the average Height when the weight is less than 91 and the position is d, and a Birthdate of july 4, 1975?
What is the sum of Weight for the person born in virginia, minnesota?
What is the Name with a height of more than 183 cm for the 1997–1998 Team of mighty ducks of anaheim?
What is the Birthdate for the person with a height less than 191, and weight of 84 kg?
What is the Position with a height of less than 183, and a weight of less than 91 kg and born in bloomington, minnesota?
Which claimant's rank is 200?
What is the most points for South Ossetia?
Which highest rank belongs to the palestinian territories?
What is the highest amount of points for rank 95?
What season had a .439 Win% in the 1996-97 Team?
What conference is the 1973-74 team in the Atlantic Division (Div.)?
Which season has a .354 Win%?
What is the Win% of the 1989-90 Team?
What is the High rebounds with a Team that is charlotte?
On what date was the rocket a TBD with a satellite of GPS IIIA-1?
Which type is a satellite of GPS IIIA-2?
What was the launch site for a satellite of GPS IIIA-2?
What is Choreographer(s), when Chosen By is Mary Murphy, and when Couple is Katee Shean Stephen "Twitch" Boss?
What is Choreographer(s), when Chosen is Mary Murphy, and when Style is Contemporary?
What is Chosen By, when Couple is Katee Shean Joshua Allen, and when Choreographer(s) is Nakul Dev Mahajan?
What is Style, when Choreographer(s) is Dave Scott?
What is Couple, when Choreographer(s) is Nakul Dev Mahajan?
What is the average number for Northgate which commenced its construction before 1951?
What is the lowest population for the neighborhood with the color blue that commenced its construction before 1987?
What is the sum of Top-25 when there are more than 0 wins?
What is the lowest Top-10 when the Top-25 is 6, and a Tournament of u.s. open, and a Cut made larger than 9?
What is the lowest Top-25 when events shows 12, the top-5 is 1, and less than 11 cuts?
What is the Enrollment at Onalaska?
What Public Institution is in Black River Falls?
What is the total number of Block for the Player with less than 85 Weight and more than 187 Height?
What is the Name of the player with less than 342 Block, less than 87 Weight and Height more than 187?
What is the Weight of the player with a Block larger than 328, Spike greater than 375 and Height larger than 207?
What is the Result with a Category of album of the year in a Year that is 2011?
What is Season, when Name is Tony Boy Espinosa?
What is the average Number, when Position is Forward?
What is the lowest Number, when School/Club Team is Misamis Institute?
What is School/Club Team, when Season is 2006-2012?
What is Acquisition via, when Season is 2006-2012?
What is Set 4, when Set 1 is 19-25, and when Set 2 is 23-25?
What is Set 1, when Set 4 is NA, when Score is 3-0, and when Set 2 is 29-27?
What is Set 2, when Date is May 31?
What is Set 1, when Set 2 is 17-25?
What is Set 3, when Set 4 is 25-21, and when Date is Jun 14?
What were the total number of Events, when the Top-5 was less than 2, and when the Top-25 was less than 3?
What was the total number of Top-25 values, for which Cuts made was 62, and for which Wins were less than 1?
What was the total number of Cuts made, when Top-5 was greater than 3, and when Events were 85?
What was the sum of Events, when Wins were less than 1, when Top-25 was 3, and when Top-5 was less than 1?
What was the highest Top-10, when the Top-5 was greater than 3, when the Cuts made were 20, and when the Top-25 was more than 10?
What was the lowest Top-10, when the Wins were 0, when the Top-25 was 12, and when the Events were less than 23?
What is the average Against when the drawn is more than 2 and the Difference of- 17, and a Played smaller than 20?
What is the number of Position when the team was são paulo railway and the against is less than 46?
What is the Team when the lost is less than 13, and the position is less than 4, with a Difference of 42?
What is the sum of Played when the drawn is less than 2 and against is more than 29?
Which Wins has a Byes larger than 0?
Which Against has a Peel of waroona, and a Byes larger than 0?
Which Draws has a Wins smaller than 17, and an Against smaller than 1158?
Which Draws has an Against larger than 1158, and a Wins of 9, and a Losses smaller than 9?
Which Losses has a Wins of 6, and an Against smaller than 1741?
What venue was the game played in when the winner was the atlanta hawks (11)?
What team was the loser when the result was 119–113?
What is the Loser when the winner was los angeles lakers (10)?
What is the Venue when the result was 88–87?
What team was the winner when the result was 90–86?
What is the Result when the memphis grizzlies ( 2) were the loser?
What year was the Win percentage 60%?
What is the total number of Tests when the lost is less than 9 for sir fred allen?
What is the Win percentage where there were 5 lost and 0 is drew?
How many Campeonato Paulistas had a campeonato brasileiro of more than 2, an others number of more than 0, and a copa sudamericana of more than 5?
What is the largest copa sudamericana number when the others number is less than 0?
Which Unit has Authors of dalla vecchia, wild, & reitner?
Where is two medicine formation?
What is varricchio's unit?
Which authors have a Unit of densuș-ciula formation?
Which Status has a Unit of daohugou beds?
What is varricchio's status?
What is the points average when the tied is greater than 8, less than 82 games and the coach of Bryan Mclay † Morris Lallo ‡ Gerry Moore ‡, and greater than 322 goals?
What are the most games when the points are 100 and goals for less than 356?
What is the most points when the goals against are 354 and games less than 82?
For games less than 70 and goals for greater than 335 what is the most points?
What is Gold, when Total is less than 4, when Silver is 1, and when Bronze is 1?
What is Silver, when Total is greater than 4, when Bronze is 2, and when Rank is greater than 1?
Who was on the Socialist Labor ticket that had Arthur Levitt as the Liberal Ticket?
Robert S. Flanzer was the Free Libertarian ticket with who listed as the Liberal Ticket?
The Liberal Ticket listed which candidate when Jack A. Martin was listed on the Free Libertarian Ticket?
The person who is on the Democratic ticket for the position of Office of U.S. Senator was who?
Leland W. Schubert, Free Libertarian ticket, had who listed on the Democratic ticket?
What is the lowest Extras for Chamara Kapugedera, with an E.R. less than 4.59?
What is the highest Extras with an E.R. of 4.59, and more than 101 Runs Conceded?
What is the average Extras for Muttiah Muralitharan, with less than 353 Runs Conceded?
What is the highest Extras for Farveez Maharoof, with more than 4 wickets?
What is the total number of Maidens when E.R. is less than 9.5, and a Overs Bowled larger than 57, and a Wickets of 9?
How many FA Cups on average have a larger total than 32 and a larger league than 24?
How many FA Trophies had a total of 27, 2 FA cups, and a league larger than 24?
What is the year built of the home with a built status and a 42 m. height?
What is the height of the home with stories greater than 22 and built in 2009?
What is the highest number of stories in homes with a height of 42 m.?
When the game is listed as 2, what is the score?
What is the latest November date with an Opponent of @ Pittsburgh Pirates and the game is more than 3?
When the record is listed as 2-0-0, and the November date is less than 27, what is the sum of the game?
What was the lowest number of Total Foreign-born (millions) people, when the number of people Born in a non EU state (millions) was 6.415?
What was the average number of people born in other EU states in millions, when the total number of foreign-born people in millions was 0.5, and when the total population in millions was less than 5.534?
What was the average number of people born in other EU states in millions, when the number of people born in a non EU state in millions was 31.368, and when the total population in millions was higher than 501.098?
How many people were born in a non EU state (in millions), when the Total population (in millions) was 62.008?
What away team has tottenham hotspur as the home team?
What is the Tamil Name of the Thaipusam holiday?
What is the Tamil Name of சந்திர புத்தாண்டு (தினம் 2)?
What is the Chinese Type Chinese Name of the holiday with a Tamil Name of சந்திர புத்தாண்டு (தினம் 3)?
Who was second for the United States team?
Yumie Hayashi was third for which club?
Who was Switzerland's alternate?
Which club was from Great Britain?
Glenys Bakker was second for which nation?
Rosa Pompanin was second for which club?
Who won women's singles in 1985?
Who won men's doubles in 1994?
What date was the Singapore Gross 1999?
What is the name of the producer that produced a film with a production cost of $1,000,000?
What is the name of the director who directed the movie that Raintree Pictures produced?
What is the title of the film that had a production cost of $850,000?
How much is the Singapore Gross for the film that Siu Wing directed?
What is the Date with an Away that is broadview hawks?
What is the Home with an Away that is toronto rebels?
What is the Time with a Score that is 46-82?
What is the Date with an Away that is central blues?
What is the Time with a Home that is high park demons?
What is the Away with a Score that is 46-82?
Which Partner is on 22 april 2002?
Which Partner has an Opponents of wayne arthurs sandon stolle?
Which Score has a Tournament of san jose, us (2)?
Which Opponents has a Score of 6–3, 6–4, 6–1?
Which Outcome has a Score of 6–4, 6–4, 6–2?
Which Tournament has a Score of 1–6, 0–6?
Who is the opponent of the 3:00 time?
Where was the game attended by more than 12,837 with a result of 2–1?
What was the score of the game with Nathalie Tauziat as a partner?
What type of surface was used for the game played on September 20, 1993?
What was the score of the game that was played on a grass surface?
What was the date of the game that was played against Laura Golarsa?
What is the total rank of the celebrity with a 34.66 average and a season greater than 1?
What is the highest average of celebrity Natalia Lesz, who is ranked greater than 4?
Who is the professional partner of celebrity małgorzata foremniak with a season less than 7, an average greater than 34.66, and a rank less than 10?
What is the primary language used in the film title Nynke?
For the film made in 1964: (37th), what was the result?
What is the nomination title used for the original film, Monsieur Hawarden?
What is the nomination title used for the original film, Zwartboek?
What is the primary language used in the film, Black Book?
What is the average agricultural panel value with a Labour panel less than 1, a total value less than 21, and a National University of Ireland value greater than 0?
What is the highest administrative panel value with an agricultural panel less than 1 and a labour panel value less than 5?
What is the highest labour panel value with a cultural and educational panel greater than 1, a University of Dublin value greater than 0, and a total value less than 60?
What is the total University of Dublin value with a labour panel greater than 11?
What is the sum of the cultural and educational panel value with an administrative panel of 0 and an agricultural panel value less than 0?
What is the highest 2012 immigration for a country with an immigration of 81,094 in 2011?
What is the Gauge of Locomotive G534 Owned by Aurizon which has a Status of Operational?
Which Locomotive Entered Service in November 1984 and has an Operator of Southern Shorthaul Railroad?
What is the Serial number of the Locomotive that Entered Service in November 1984 and has an Owner of Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia?
What is the Serial Number of the Locomotive that Entered Service October 1989?
What is the 2011 value with a 2008 value of 0.3 and is a member state of the European Union?
What is the 2012 value with a 1.3 in 2010 and a 3.6 in 2008?
What is the average Black, when White is less than 6,02, and when Total is greater than 100,00?
What is the sum of Yellow, when Category is Bugre (Indian), and when Amerindian is less than 50,00?
What is the sum of Amerindian, when White is 6,02, and when Total is greater than 100,00?
What kind of  IATA has an Airport of hamburg airport?
Which Country that has a IATA of bal?
Which Country has a IATA of vie?
WHich Country has a ICAO of ltcd?
Which Airport has a IATA of erz?
What kind of IATA that has a Airport of berlin schönefeld airport?
Who provided lyrics or music to the artist Cube?
What was the aircraft damage for the Boeing 707-320B?
What was the number of fatalities for the Viscount 700?
What was the aircraft damage for the accident that had fatalities of 30/30?
What was the location that had an accident by the F-27-600RF aircraft with tail number 6O-SAZ?
What was the tail number of the aircraft that had 5/30 fatalities?
What was the location of the accident that led to 50/50 fatalities?
What % has 4 RLng?
What team had a Ravg of 3.4?
What is the int percentage that has Ravg of 2.8?
Who is the R1st that has 36 RYds?
What was the Ravg for 2003?
What was the rate for 73 RYds?
What is the name of the non-mammal from brazil of the unit of caturrita formation?
What is the name of the non-mammal who has tatarinov as the author?
What is the unit of the non-mammal from greenland?
Who is the author for the malasaurus?
What is the name of the non mammal of the unit vyazniki assemblage?
Who are the authors for the malasaurus of the vyazniki assemblage?
What is the lowest Rank with more than 0 bronze, 8 silver, and a total of 19, with less than 9 gold?
What is the sum for gold when there is more than 17 silver and more than 24 bronze?
What is the sum of Bronze when the rank is 7, and the total is more than 22?
What is the sum of rank when silver is 1, and gold is less than 7, and bronze is 2?
Who was the Conductor of the Three Pintos (Die Drei Pintos) Production?
Who is the Conductor who had Stephen Barlow as Director?
Who was Director John Ramster's Composer?
Which Giant Slalom has a Slalom of 45?
Which Slalom has a Super G of 4?
Which champion has sentosa golf club as the tournament location?
What is the highest winner's share that has jiyai shin as the championship with a year prior to 2009?
Which county has 2011 as the year?
How many winner's shares have ai miyazato as the champion?
What is the total sum of bronze medals for the Soviet Union when there are more than 0 silver medals and more than 3 total medals?
What is the lowest rank of a nation with fewer than 3 gold medals, more than 2 bronze medals, and 0 silver medals?
For the album Board Up the House, what is the contribution?
What band has a year above 2011?
What time was the game played that had a record of 0–2–0?
What is the average weight of a player who is less than 175 centimeters tall?
What is the English name of the country that has Ramallah as its capital?
What is the English name of the country that has Doha as its capital?
What is the name of the capital, in Arabic, that is called n'djamena in English?
What is the name of the country in Arabic that has Moroni as the name of its capital in English?
When was the premiere on the TVB Jade Channel?
Who was the host of the premiere on November 10, 2007?
Which country had a premiere on July 24, 2010?
Which channel comes out of Israel?
What is the largest total when the rank is 6 and there's less than 1 gold?
What is the largest gold number when the total is less than 3, the rank is 5, and the silver is more than 1?
What is the total of silver when gold is less than 0?
Which team was the visitor when Milt Palacio (15) was the leading scorer?
What is the home of the team with Carlos Boozer (27) as the leading scorer?
What date was the game played with the Cavaliers at home and the Warriors visiting?
What is the sum total of all the years with a bell that weighed 857 kilograms?
What is the Enrollment for the Pilots?
What is the Enrollment for the Coyotes Founded in 1891?
What Location has a Team Nickname called the Fighting Missionaries?
The Loggers are part of what Primary Conference?
What is the Enrollment at Whitman College Founded after 1859?
What was the attendance when the opponent was virginia?
What was the date when the opponent was at South carolina?
What was the highest attendance when the result was L 6-28?
What was the earliest week the Titans played at Ford Field?
When did the Titans play the Houston Texans at LP Field before Week 13?
What is the highest average for a long less than 24, a GP-GS of 2-0, and less than 7 yards?
What is the sum for the long that has 926 yards and an avg/g less than 84.2?
What is the total number of avg/g with a long of 50, a gp-gs of 3-0, and 926 yards?
Which motorway is in brod-posavina county and has a scheduled completion in 2013?
Which built by HM Dockyard has September 1830 as the laid down?
What is the name that has July 1823 as the Laid down, and portsmouth as the built by hm dockyard?
What ordered has helena as the name?
What ordered has algerine (2nd of name) as the name?
What name has pembroke as the built by hm dockyard, and may 1825 as the laid down?
How many match values have points under 14 and 0 draws?
What is the sum of losses for teams with under 10 matches?
What is the average number of draws for teams with more than 10 matches?
What is the sum of points for teams with more than 10 matches, more than 0 draws, and 7 losses?
Which season's average was 37.5?
How many ranks had marcin mroczek as the celebrity in a season more recent than 4?
What was the sum of the population in 2007, from State Tyrol, in 1991 a population less than 10,179, and a rank larger than 52?
What is the average population in 1991, that has a 2001 population less than 16,045, and a rank less than 58, in Eisenstadt?
What is the highest population in 1991 in Baden Bei Wien, and a 2007 population larger than 25,284?
What is the Adapted by when there is a yes for exists is yes, for episode 101?
What is the Director for the episode titled “some lapse of time”?
What is the Airdate for the episode titled “thirteen to centaurus” Adapted by stanley miller?
What is the Exists when Ray Jenkins is the director?
What shows for Exists when the airdate was 20 december 1965?
What 2007 number when the million CZK shows operating revenues?
What is the sum of 2007 when the 2009 is less than 7,006, and a 2008 larger than 2,226?
What is the lowest 2008 when the 2009 was 7,006, and a 2006 larger than 4,844?
What is the lowest Year with an Album that is live love in London?
What is the average Year with a U.S. Christian that is 167?
What is the U.S. Christian with a Year that is 1989?
What is the Theme when Fontella Bass was the original artist?
What is the Week # when the Beatles were the original artist and the theme was The Beatles?
What is the total number of top-25 in the Masters Tournament, which has 0 top-10 and more than 0 top-5?
What is the total top-25 of the U.S. Open, which has less than 7 cuts?
What is the lowest top-5 of the tournament with less than 1 top-10 and less than 1 top-25?
What is the highest top-25 of the tournament with less than 22 events and more than 1 top-10?
What is the total bronze medals won, with 0 gold medals and in 5th place?
What is the average amount of appearances for the Bronze Meals less than 0?
What is the total number of 4th place that has 3 appearances for 3, and a more than 0 silver medals, and no gold medals?
How many years have HMOs been 27% and POS plans 18%?
Which conventional plan has a POS of 13%?
How many years have a conventional plan of 7%?
Which conventional plan has a POS plan of 21%?
Which HMO has a conventional plan of 3% in 2005?
How many are on the administrative panel with an agricultural panel of fewer than 11 and an industrial and commercial panel of 3, with fewer than 4 on the labor panel?
Who read the unabridged book written by Gary Paulsen?
Who read the unabridged novel written by John D. Fitzgerald?
In which week was the Theme 1960s?
When the week # is listed as Hollywood, and the Theme is N/A, what song is listed?
Which Theme has a Result of eliminated?
Which song choice was originally performed by Bonnie Tyler?
Which call sign, broadcast at less than 103.5MHz, has an ERP W of 50?
What is the frequency of the call sign licensed in Albany, New York?
Which Chart peak was Recorded on 2/19/69?
Which Chart peak has a Time of 3:11?
Which Catalogue has a Writer(s) of mark james?
Which Track has a Writer(s) of mac davis?
What is the name of the country when the television service is italia 1?
What is the HDTV when the content is general television?
What is the Country when the Content was general television, and a Television service of rai 1?
What is the Language that has sky tg 24 active as the Television service?
What was the location of the fight when Sara McMann's record was 1-0?
What was the record when there was a fight that lasted 5:00?
What is the method of resolution for the fight that had a time of 5:00 and a record of 5-0?
What's the average Week with the Result l 23–3?
With the date of October 28, 1962, and the week greater than 4, what was the lowest attendance?
What Belarusian has a status of Raion a foundation of 1514 and a 2010 population of 8100?
Which model number has an order part number of TMSMT37BQX5LD?
Which model number has an order part number of TMDML44BKX5LD?
What is the socket related to the processor released on June 22, 2005, having a frequency of 1600MHz and voltage under 1.35V?
What is the highest rank for PSV - FC Barcelona?
What rank was Peter Schmeichel?
What is the highest Super G that had an 11 Downhill and an overall less than 16?
What is the combined of the overalls less than 34?
What is the combined of the 14 Super G?
What album had the reunion label in 2006?
Who was the artist for the album, Christmas under the reunion label with the guitar?
What is the most recent year for an album listed with a piano credited?
What is Volume:Issue, when Artist is Elton John, and when Weeks on Top is 4?
What is the value in 2008-08 when DNP is the value in 2009-10?
Which event had a DNP value in 2010-11?
What is the value in 2008-09 for the Autumn Gold event?
What is the value in 2006-07 when the value is SF in 2008-09?
What is the total number of bronze medals of the nation with 4 total medals and 1 silver?
What is the sum of silver medals of the nation Cuba, which has less than 0 gold?
What is the total weight of players who play the G position for the Los Angeles D-Fenders?
What team does Bill Walker play for?
What was the lowest heat for Germany with a rank smaller than 9 for Mike Fenner and a time smaller than 13.52?
What is the total of the FA CUP that has 1 FA trophy, and player Chris Cook, and a League cup less than 1?
What is the lowest FA cup that has mohd faizal desa as the player, with a total greater than 0?
What is the lowest FA cup that has a league greater than 0, with a Malaysia cup greater than 5?
How many Malaysia Cups have a total less than 0?
What is the average FA cup that has a league of 0, fahmi hatta as the player, with a Malaysia cup less than 0?
How many Malaysia Cups have 0 for the total with a league greater than 0?
What is High Assists, when High Points is Keon Clark (19)?
What is Location Attendance, when High Assists is Alvin Williams (9)?
What is High Points, when Location Attendance is Staples Center 18,964?
What is High Points, when Team is @ Phoenix?
What name has 100 w. pender st. as the address?
How many floors have 207 w. hastings st. as the address?
What is the height m/ft where 207 w. hastings st. is the address?
What is the completed list entry number more than 1356460?
Which type has a list entry number more than 1356436, named Albion Congregational Church?
What is the entry number on the list for Fairfield Moravian Church?
What was the Average Attendance during the Year in which there were 9 Home Games?
Before 2012, what was the greatest # of Home Games with a Canada - USA Rank of 52nd, and an Average Attendance less than 992?
In the year where the League Rank was 10th, what was the greatest number of Home Games?
After the year 2011, when the Canada - USA Rank was 46th, what was the League Rank?
What is Package/Option, when HDTV is no, when Language is Italian, and when Television service is cartello promozionale sky hd?
What is Country, when HDTV is yes, and when Content is cinema?
What is HDTV, when Television service is cartello promozionale sky hd?
What is Content, when Package/Option is sky cinema, and when Language is italian originale?
What is HDTV, when Language is italian originale, and when Package/Option is sky cinema, and when Television service is sky cinema max +1?
What is HDTV, when Content is Cinema, when Package/Option is Sky Cinema + Sky HD, and when Television Service is Sky Cinema Passion HD?
What is the Venue with an Attendance that is larger than 6,938?
What is the Date with an Opponent that is hearts?
What is the Result with a Venue that is n?
Who was the Coat of Cash Wearing Celebrity in Episode 6?
What was the air date of episode 5?
What is the largest number of races when there are less than 6 podiums, the series is the formula renault 2.0 eurocup, and there are more than 0 wins?
Who were the Opponents in the final in the match with a Score in the final of 1–6, 6–3, 2–6?
What Opponents in the final had a match in 1984 with a Score in the final of 7–6, 6–1?
How many years were they nominated for outstanding musical?
Where was the location for Arras Paul Arras?
What is the title from 302 bc?
Which royal house has the name huai?
Who has the title of marquis?
Which royal house is in the state of chu?
Which state has a king named xiang?
What's the most recent week for the day of November 5, 1978?
What's the mean week number for November 12, 1978?
What's the mean week number when attendance was 63,263?
What is the number of floors that have years under 2008 and were named Guinness Tower?
What is the sum of Year opened when steel was the material with a Span feet of 1476?
What is the sum of Year opened when the span feet is more than 1247, and the spam metres is 384?
What is average SiO 2, when Na 2 O is 7.53, and when Al 2 O 3 is less than 2.13?
What is the highest K 2 O, when Na 2 O is greater than 1.87, when Fe 2 O 3 is greater than 0.07, when Objects is Ritual Disk, and when Al 2 O 3 is less than 0.62?
What is the highest SiO 2, when K 2 O is greater than 0.16, when Fe 2 O 3 is greater than 0.16, and when Na 2 O is less than 7.53?
What is Aberdeen team's date of vacancy?
What is Motherwell Team's manner of departure?
What is the date of appointment for the team with a resigned manner of departure and replaced by Sandy Clark?
What manner of departure was Dick Advocaat replaced by?
Which amount of lost had an against of more than 22 and 9 points?
What is the total amount of points when the played number was less than 12?
What is the largest points number where the difference is 12?
What is the total number of points where there were 3 losses and a played number bigger than 12?
What was the winning score for the tournament where Garth Mulroy was the runner-up?
Which tournament had a margin of victory of 6 strokes?
For the tournament played on 16 Jan 2011, what was the winning score?
For the tournament ending with a margin of victory of 2 strokes, who was the runner(s)-up?
What was the winning score for the tournament where Garth Mulroy was the runner-up, and the margin of victory was 1 stroke?
For the tournament ending with a margin of victory of 6 strokes, what was the winning score?
How many Drawns have a Team of aa são bento and Points larger than 1?
What is the Drawn has an Against smaller than 20 and Points of 15?
How many Against has a Drawn smaller than 1, and a Lost smaller than 5?
what is the average Against has Drawn of 2, and a Played larger than 10?
How many goals were there for Johan Cruyff when the rank's less than 3?
What is the highest against when the lost is 3 with less than 30 points?
What is the average Played when the against is 51, and the drawn is more than 1?
What is on at 8:30 when million dollar password is on at 8:00?
What is on at 10:00 when 60 minutes was on at 7:00 and million dollar password is on at 8:00?
What is the result against Clemson?
What is the number of Games for the player in Rank 3?
With more than 69 Assists, what is Dejuan Collins' Rank?
How many Assists for the Player with 13 Games and a Rank less than 3?
What is the lowest number of uncommitted superdelegates for a state with more than 16 total and 2 for Hillary Clinton?
What Japanese prefecture has Ibaraki, Tsukuba?
What region has the symbol 八尾?
Which venue held the Euro 2012 Qualifier?
What is the Year with a Number that is larger than 34?
What is the date of the 4 strokes margin of victory?
What is the date of the 4 strokes margin of victory?
What Elite Eight had a Sweet Sixteen of 1 and a win % of .875?
What Round 32 had a # of bids smaller than 2?
What is the average year that Idris Elba was nominated for or won an award?
What actor was nominated for or won an award before 1971?
What is the mean vertical relief in feet when the rank is more than 40 and the location is va0573?
What is the mean vertical relief in feet when the Peak Name is Tower near mead wood road entrance and the elevation in feet is more than 1,410?
What is the total number of ranks when the Peak Name is Red Shirt Table?
What is the Original artist when the week number is top 9?
What is the Song choice when The Beatles were the original artist, with an order # of 4?
What is the Song choice when Elaine Paige was the Original artist?
What is the name of the Original artist when the week # is top 16 (8 men)?
What is the Result when the order is # 4, and the week # is top 12?
What score has notts county as the home team?
What is the industry number with a Regional Gross Value Added over 4,569 after 2005?
Average round for rodney harrison p before 145?
Highest round 5 pick from western illinois?
What is the 2011 when the 2010 shows grand slam tournaments?
What is the 2011 when the 2007 is a, and the 2012 is sf?
What is the 2011 when the 2010 is 8–4?
What is the 2007 when the 2010 is 3r?
What is the 2010 when the 2009 is 1r, and a 2008 is 1r?
What is the 2011 when the Tournament was the grand slam tournaments?
Which Height (cm) has a Position of d, and a Name of jeff hymanson?
Which Name has a Height (cm) of 175 and a Birthplace of detroit, michigan
Which Position has a Name of john taft?
What was the To par when the Score was 67-68=135?
From what Country is player K. J. Choi with a Score of 68-71=139?
What Country Scored 66-69=135?
Which % 'A' or 'B' Aggregates has a Year of 2009?
How many Years have a % 'B' Aggregates of 28%, and an Average A's per learner smaller than 3.2800000000000002?
Which Pass Rate has an % 'B' Aggregates of 34%, and a % 'A' Aggregates of 41%?
Which Year has an Average A's per learner larger than 3.37, and a % 'A' or 'B' Aggregates of 73%?
Can you tell me the average Rank that has the Code of vlc, and the Cargo traffic smaller than 11,125,537?
Can you tell me the average Total passengers that has the Code of mad, and the Cargo traffic smaller than 359,362,155?
Can you tell me the highest Cargo traffic that has the Airport of barcelona airport, and the Aircraft movements smaller than 290,004?
Can you tell me the highest Total passengers that has the Cargo traffic larger than 96,519,698?
What place is in Australia with 9 or more holes?
How many holes does Player Vijay Singh have?
How many holes does Player Vijay Singh have?
On what frequency does W233AG broadcast?
What position did Garion Weller hold in 2012?
Who held the same position in 2014 that Jarrah Rubinstein held in 2013?
Who held the Male Sports Rep position in 2011?
Who held the Communications Rep position in 2011?
Who held the same position in 2014 that Garion Weller held in 2014?
Who held the same position in 2014 that Danielle Button held in 2013?
At what Location was the match against Opponent of Mostapha Al-Turk lasting less than 2 Rounds?
At what Location was the match Method TKO (punches)?
Who was the opponent of the Bye result?
Who is the opponent in week 10?
How many people attended the game played with the New England Patriots as opponents?
What was the top place with over 24 points and more than 14 played?
What is the sum of all points for places above 8?
What is the average number played for place 2 and more than 4 lost?
What is the largest number of points for Orion with more than 4 losses?
What is the Time when the Set 2 is 25–21, on 29 may?
What is the Set 3 when the Set 2 is 21–25, and a Set 1 is 25–21?
What is the Total when the Set 3 is 22–25, and a Set 2 is 25–20?
What is the Set 3 on 30 may, and a Set 1 is 20–25?
What is the Date when the Set 1 is 25–21, and the Score is 3–0, and the Time is 11:00?
What is the Date when the Set 2 is 13–25?
What is the Away captain with a Venue that is old trafford?
What is the Date with a Venue that is oval?
What is the Highest Points for Team Adet where the Draw is less than 6?
What is the highest games Played where the Place is 10 and Points are less than 17?
What is the average for games Lost where the Points are 25 and games Played are more than 18?
What is the average for Draw games where Played games is more than 18?
What is the largest byes with lost games of 4 and Ballarat FL of Melton and the against less than 1819?
How many total wins does Ballarat FL of East point have when the against is greater than 1000?
How many total losses does the team have with an against of 2195 and the draws were greater than 0?
What is the value in 2009 corresponding to Career Statistics in 2003?
What is the value in 2006 when Career Statistics is in Career W-L?
What is the value for Career W-L for the Grand Slam Tournaments?
What is the value in 2008 when the value for Tournament is year?
What is the value in 2006 when the value for 2009 is 0 with runner-ups for tournament?
What is the value for 2005 when A is 2009 and 2000?
What Opponent in the final had a Partner of Gastón Etlis?
What is the earliest Date David Adams played on a Clay Surface with Brett Steven as Partner?
Who was David Adams partner on the match played on Clay Surface with a Score in the final of 6–3, 6–7 (5–7) , 7–6 (7–5)?
Who were the Opponents when Liga Dekmeijere had Alicja Rosolska as a Partner?
What was the Outcome of the match played on Hard (i) Surface?
What was the Outcome of the match with Partner Kateryna Bondarenko?
What is the Song choice with a Theme that is 1960s?
Can you tell me the Co-driver that has the Year smaller than 2012, and the Laps smaller than 161, and the Position of dnf, and the Number 33?
Can you tell me the total number of Laps that has the Team of wps racing?
How many people live where there are 118% of people have phones?
What percent of the population has phone in Russia?
What percent is 327,577,529 people with phones in June 2013?
How many mobile phones were there as of April 2013?
How many silver medals were awarded to the Nation with less than 2 gold, more than 6 bronze and a rank higher than 5?
How many gold medals were awarded to teams ranked higher than 19?
What is the highest amount of gold medals awarded to a team with more than 9 silver, 7 bronze and more than 13 medals total?
What is the number of registered mosques with a population of England and Wales greater than 46,196 in a year before 1971?
What is the lowest Muslim (% of Total population) of a year after 2011?
What is the highest population of England and Wales that has less than 50 Muslims?
What shows for 1997 when 1987 is 2r?
What shows for 1993 when 1991 is grand slams?
What shows for 1987 when 1995 shows 1r, 1986 is a, and 1998 is sf?
Which away game was played on 2008-07-18?
What away game had a time of 10:00?
What time was the away game played against the High Park Demons?
Where was the game played the ended with a score of 62-69?
When did the team play an away game against the Toronto Eagles?
What is the League a for 1908–1928?
What years have a total of 395 (0)?
What is the League Cup for 1947–1958?
What is the Total for 1926–1938?
What is the Total for 1953–1964?
Which final score had a surface of hard (i) on October 22, 2000?
Which tournament had an outcome of winner, a hard surface, and happened on August 26, 2006?
Which date had the final opponent of Iva Majoli?
On September 30, 1979, in a week before week 8, what was the result?
What was the average attendance in week 2?
On what date did the audience of 60,092 people watched a game end with a W 21-9?
What week did the Atlanta Falcons play in front of less than 59,743 people?
What is the sum of tonnage with a time at 00:10 and less than 42 casualties?
Which Opponent had a Win as Res and a Time of 1:10?
What is the lowest number of men's championships of the university with less than 1 women's and a total of 1 championship?
What is the highest number of men's championships of the university with 1 junior's and more than 2 total?
What is the highest number of men's championships of the university with more than 1 total, more than 5 women's, and less than 3 juniors?
What is the average total of the university with more than 3 junior's championships?
How many games that ended in a draw were played by a team with more than 15 total games?
How many pages does the edition with a volume # smaller than 8 and an ISBM of 1-40122-892-5 have?
What is the title of the edition with more than 128 pages and a volume # of 5?
How many pages does the ISBN 1-40122-328-1 have?
What position has a height (cm) greater than 180, and brian lawton as the name?
What is the total weight (km) that has a 1983-1984 team of washington capitals, Bryan Erickson as the name, with a jersey # greater than 24?
What is the lowest jersey # that has evergreen park, illinois as the birthplace, with a weight (km) greater than 86?
What is the greatest height (cm) that has a 1983-1984 team of montreal canadiens, with a jersey less than 21?
What is the average jersey # that has a position of c, new york rangers as the 1983-1984 team, and a height (cm) greater than 188?
How many lost stats have a played number of less than 8?
What is the largest lost stat when the difference is - 19?
How many positions have an against of less than 27, and a played number of less than 8?
What is Muzzle energy, when Cartridge is .375 remington ultra magnum?
What is Source, when Cartridge is .375 remington ultra magnum?
What is Source, when Cartridge is .375 remington ultra magnum?
What is Muzzle energy, when Source is hornady?
What is Bullet weight, when Source is hornady?
Which Format has a Catalog of vcrdx 106?
Which Region has a Catalog of magik muzik 806-5?
Which Date has a Catalog of vcrt 106?
What pick was play Jason Webb?
Which colleges have a pick above 7?
How many teams picked Jason Webb?
What is the Total Tax Revenue that has an n.a. Stamp Duty Reserve Tax in the years 1995-96?
What was the lowest Attendance on 8 October 1986?
What was the result when Dundee were the Opponent at Venue A on 6 September 1986?
What position did the player play who weighed less thna 91 kg and was born on March 5, 1977?
What is the total number of FA trophies of player Neil Grayson, who has more than 2 FA cups and a league greater than 17?
What is the sum of FA cups of club Stalybridge Celtic, which has more than 0 FA trophies and a total less than 20?
What is the total of player Martin Randall, who has more than 1 League Cups and a league less than 18?
What is the lowest number of FA cups of player Andy Milner, who has less than 4 FA trophies and more than 0 league cups?
What is the average total of halifax town club, which has a league less than 30 and more than 3 FA cups?
What was the score of the match against roger federer on April 3, 2006?
What was the outcome of the match against andy roddick?
What average week has october 8, 1950 as the date?
How many weeks have pittsburgh steelers as the opponent?
How many weeks have l 3-17 as the result?
What attendance has Washington redskins as the opponent?
Which Model number has a Frequency of 2000mhz and a Voltage of 0.75-1.2?
Which Multi 1 has a Frequency of 2300mhz, and a Release date of q3 2008 and a Model number of turion x2 ultra zm-84?
What kind of Voltage has a Frequency of 2000mhz, and a Release date in q3 2008?
WHat kind of L2 cache has a Model number of turion x2 ultra zm-85?
Which Socket has a Frequency of 2200mhz, and a Release date on june 4, 2008?
What kind of Socket has a Order part number of tmrm72dam22gg?
What is the Birthdate of raymond bonney?
What is the Team for the player born in northfield, minnesota?
What is the Position of the person with a birthplace of phoenix, new york?
What is the Name when the team is the st. paul a.c., with a Birthdate of 3 august 1890?
What is the Position of moose goheen?
What is the Birthdate of leon tuck?
During the Tournament in which Jiří Novák was absent(A) in 1995, absent(A) in 1997, and made it to the 3rd round (3R) in 2003, how did he do in 2006?
In the Tennis Masters Cup, how did Jiří Novák do in 1997?
In the Hamburg Masters Tournament, during which Jiří Novák was absent(A) in 1996, how did he do in 2003?
In the Tournament during which Jiří Novák was absent(A) in 2004, how did he do in 2003?
In the Tournament during which Jiří Novák made it to the 1st round(1R) in 1995, how did he do in 2001?
During the Hamburg Masters Tournament, during which Jiří Novák was absent(A) in 1998, how did he do in 1997?
What is the sum of all from the Cultural and Educational Panel with less than 7 from the Labour Panel and less than 1 from the Agricultural Panel?
What is the Home team when the "Pick The Winners" score was newcastle 10 easts 25.5?
What is the Away team when the FootyTAB winner was st. george?
What is the Home team when the away team was Manly?
What is the Match score when the FootyTAB winner was norths?
What is the Away team when the match score was norths 19 manly 4?
What is the "Pick The Winners" score when the Match score was illawarra 19 souths 0?
What is the sum FG Pct of the player with more than 3 asst, a def reb of 30, and a 3FG Pct greater than 36.1?
What is the total 3FG Pct of the player with a FG Pct greater than 43.2, a FT Pct less than 100, a total reb less than 102, and a 3FGM of 1?
Which player has a FG Pct less than 45.9, a def reb less than 43, and a total reb of 9?
What is the lowest total reb of player Mcalarney, who has a 3FGM less than 103?
What is the highest FT pct of player abromaitis, who has a 3FG pct less than 12.5?
What is the lowest asst of the player with a def reb of 1 and a 3FG pct less than 33.3?
How many Games has a Name of stéphane dumas and a Rank larger than 5?
How many Games has a Team of cai zaragoza and a Rank smaller than 1?
What was the most total medals awarded to Poland?
What was the result of the game that was played in a week greater than 1 and greater than 19,792 people attended on October 18, 1964?
When the opponent was the Denver Broncos and the attendance more than 21,671 and the week less than 8 what was the result of the game?
How many people attended the game on December 20, 1964?
On what date did the Lions play against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
What was the date of the game against the New York Jets?
What is the Attendance with a Date that is october 31, 1965?
What is the Attendance with a Date that is november 25, 1965?
What is the lowest geohash length when the lat bits are less than 7, and the km error of ±2500?
What is the highest geohash length when the lat error is ±0.00068, and the lat bits larger than 17?
What is the highest geohash length when there is a ng error of ±0.00017, and a lng bits smaller than 20?
Which Against has a Drawn smaller than 5, a Lost of 3, and a Position of 3?
Which Against has a Position larger than 8, and Points larger than 9?
Which Lost has Points smaller than 12, and a Drawn larger than 1?
Which Position has a Difference of 5, and a Drawn smaller than 3?
Which Against has a Position larger than 11?
Which Player has a Nationality of united states, a Position of forward, and a School/Club Team of notre dame?
Which Nationality has a School/Club Team of louisiana state?
Which Years in Orlando has a Position of center, and a School/Club Team of louisiana state?
Which Position has a School/Club Team of illinois?
Which Years in Orlando has a Nationality of united states, and a School/Club Team of illinois?
Which Player has a Position of forward, and a School/Club Team of georgia tech?
What is the total number of silver with rank number 6?
What is the smallest total from Japan with a rank larger than 3?
What is the largest number of silver that had 0 bronzes and total less than 1?
What is the smallest number of points for a match less than 12?
What was the result of the game attended by more than 18,648 on October 12, 1952?
How many numbers of languages were there for issues with circulation of 44,748,000?
What is the mean number of languages for the monthly frequency when the publisher is the hearst corporation?
What is the Political group for p. maelius capitolinus?
What is the Type for l. publilius philo vulscus?
What is the Type for l. publilius philo vulscus?
What is the From for p. maelius capitolinus?
What was the title of the episode with a production code of 1gowo04?
What is the production code fore the episode titled, life's no fun anymore?
What is the nationality of the player that plays forward and is from depaul?
What years did Orlando have stanley roberts on the team?
How many points total are there later than 2003?
Which entrant has a Dallara F398 chassis?
What are the lowest points for an engine with a Dallara F303 chassis?
What are the lowest points in 2004?
What is Attendance, when Week is 5?
What is the label for the catalog of none, and is in the United Kingdom?
What is the region for the date November 18, 2002?
What is the date for the Nebula Label, and a nebdjx029 catalog?
What is the label from the Netherlands?
What was the Christ made king date with a great tribulation in 1925?
What is the resurrection of 144,000 date with a start of Christ's presence date in 1914, a separation of sheep & goats during Christ's presence, and a great tribulation date in 1975?
What is the resurrection of 144,000 date with a Christ made king date in 1914, a separting sheep & goats date during Christ's presence, and a judgment of religion date in 1878?
What is the lowest Cuts made with less than 72.48 scoring average?
What is the sum of Events played when the cuts made is less than 0?
What is the Scoring rank when there are less than 21 events played with a rank of n/a in years less than 2011?
What is the total number of Wins when 98 is the rank and the scoring average is more than 73.52?
What Title's Start of Reign is 1993?
What is the Birth Name of the Archbishop with a Current End of Reign?
What is the Name of the Archbishop with a Birth Name of Cvetko Krstevski with a Start of Reign before 1986?
What is Metodija Gogov's Start of Reign?
What is Angelarios Angelarij with a Start of Reign date before 1986 Birth Name?
How many goals that were scored had a place of more than 5, a lost of 11, and goals conceded of less than 45?
What is the mean played number where the goals conceded is less than 16?
What is the 1913 Class of the d32 LNER Class?
What is the W.A. of the 1 1st built?
What was the attendance at the Denver game?
What is the average 2011-03, when Unemployment is Sweden, and when 2009-03 is greater than 8?
What is the highest 2007-03, when 2009-03 is greater than 10.6, and when 2012-03 is 15.4?
What is the highest 2007-03, when 2011-03 is less than 11.4, when Unemployment is Luxembourg, and when 2012-03 is greater than 5?
What is the highest 2010-03, when 2008-03 is less than 9.9, when 2011-03 is less than 11.8, and when Unemployment is Czech Republic?
What is the lowest 2008-03, when 2012-03 is less than 10.3, when 2010-03 is 8.1, and when 2009-03 is less than 7.3?
What was Matthew Hoggard's high score when he had a strike rate of n/a?
What is the lowest Weight when the height is 196, and the date of birth is 24.07.1977?
What is the sum of Spike when the Weight was more than 84, and Block was less than 315?
What was the result of the 2012 Waff Women's Futsal Championship game the team played against Iraq?
What was the result of the game played on May 9, 2012?
What is the result of the game played in Russia on May 9, 2012?
What is the final result of the game that was played on October 8, 2000?
Who was the opponent in the game played after Week 4 on October 15, 2000?
Where was the game played when the Buffalo Bills had a record of 8-8?
Who was the opponent the Buffalo Bills played when their record was 4-4?
What is airing at 9:00 on the channel that airs House at 8:00?
What is airing at 9:30 on the channel that airs 24 at 9:00?
What is airing at 9:00 on the channel that airs Chuck at 8:30 and Medium at 10:00?
What is airing at 10:00 on the channel that airs Medium at 9:00?
What is airing at 9:30 on the channel that airs Heroes at 9:00?
What is airing at 8:00 on the channel that airs Castle at 10:00?
What is the highest week for Cleveland Browns with 54,205 in attendance?
What date was the opponents the Oakland Raiders?
What was the total attendance October 22, 1972?
What is the lowest week on December 3, 1972 with more than 54,533 in attendance?
What is the highest heat for Ihor Bodrov when the mark is 6.76 and the lane is less than 1?
What is the mark number when the lane for Rabangaki Nawai when it is greater than 2 and the heat is larger than 4?
What is the total lane number for the United States when the mark is 6.62 and the heat is greater than 8?
Which 2007–08 event has 2008–09 of dnp and an Event of players'?
What kind of 2006–07 event has a 2010–11 of n/a and an Event of colonial square?
Which Event has a 2007–08 of n/a?
what kind of 2006–07 has a 2010–11 of n/a, and an Event of masters?
WHich in 2010–11 has an Event of autumn gold?
What in 2006–07 has a 2007–08 of q?
Which nation has a bronze greater than 0, a gold greater than 0, a silver greater than 0, and 5 as the rank?
What nation has 1 as the gold and 2 as the total?
What rank has 0 as the bronze, and a total less than 3, with north korea as the nation?
How many golds have a bronze less than 1, and a silver less than 1?
What average total has cuba as the nation, and a bronze greater than 1?
What is the highest total that has a bronze greater than 1, a gold greater than 1, with a silver less than 4?
What is the Previous Cub/Team that has NHL rights of the Vancouver Canucks?
Where was the birthplace of the person born on March 21, 1979?
What is Scott Gomez's biggest weight?
What is the birthplace of the person with a weight greater than 88 with NHL rights, 1999 draft eligible and born March 26, 1980?
What number pick was Paul Seymour in round 1?
In how many rounds did USC participate in?
What set 2 has 15:33 as the time?
Where did they play against Clemson?
What was the total attendance on 10/05/1974?
What is the total number of Height(s), when Spike is less than 352, when Block is greater than 300, and when Name is Pablo Meana?
What is the total number of Weight(s), when Block is 300?
What is the smallest Weight, when Spike is less than 330, when Block is 315, and when Height is greater than 187?
What is the average Spike, when Name is Gustavo Porporatto, and when Block is greater than 323?
What is the Match with Points that are 24?
What is the Team 2 with a Team 1 that is milli piyango sk?
What is the Team 1 with a Team 2 with brest hc meshkov?
What is the position number when there were 29 points, and less than 2 is lost?
What is the lowest Points with an against of 20 and less than 1 lost?
What is the sum of Points when the against is less than 24 and played is less than 20?
What region is dated April 30, 2004, and cataloged Nebdj058?
What s the format for the catalog nebcd058?
What region has the catalog sir021-6?
What label has the catalog nebt058?
What is the game number when the score was l 90–104 (ot)?
What is the Score of the game with a Record of 12–12?
What is the Score for the Game less than 21, and of antonio davis (12)had the High rebounds?
What is the Record when antonio davis (14) had the high rebounds?
What was the team when vince carter (19) had the high points?
What is the 1913 class of locomotive that has a 1st built value under 494 and WA of 4-4-0t?
What is the number for gold where there were total 1, and bronze 1?
Which player had a total of 152?
Which player won the Masters in 1976?
What was the total of the player from Spain?
Which player won in 1987 and ended with a score of +9?
What's the name of the award given to Team number 23?
What is Song, when Weeks on Top is 1,  and when Volume:Issue is 15:6?
What is Song, when Volume:Issue is 15:19-20?
What is Volume:Issue, when Weeks on Top is less than 5, and when Issue Date(s) are 10 July - 24 July?
Which text has traditional characters of 心如猨猴?
Which text has simplified characters of 心猿 … 意马?
Which text has Wade-Giles translation of ai-ma … hsin-yüan?
What is the Pinyin translation of the Wade-Giles of hsin-yüan-i-ma?
What is the Wade-Giles translation of the Pinyin xīn rú yuánhóu?
Which text has a date of c. 1180?
What is the fewest number of silvers have 0 golds?
What is the smallest total that has 11 golds and bronzes over 2?
What is the total having a bronze value over 1, silver under 5, and ranked 9?
What was the lowest total in the 1980s that was larger than 2?
What is the average for the 1990s with a total of 1, and 0 in the 1980s?
What is the sum for the 2000s to date that has 0 in the 1920s?
What is the total number in the 1920s that has 0 in the 1960s, and less than 4 in the 2000s, and more than 3 in the 1930s?
What was the sum for the 1990s, that has 0 in the 1900s?
What was the lowest in the 1930s, has more than 1 in the 1940s, 0 in the 1990s, and a total to date of less than 17?
When did the Chargers play the Denver Broncos before Week 10?
What is the sum of Bronze when the rank is more than 11 and gold is less than 0?
What is the total number of Total when Germany is the nation with less than 1 silver?
What is the average Total that has a Gold of 0, when the rank is less than 16, the nation is Georgia and there is more than 2 for Bronze?
What is the highest Total when Georgia is the nation with less than 11 rank?
What is the total number of Total with more than 16 rank for the nation of Romania with more than 0 for silver?
What type of video coding has a format name of dvcam?
What format name has dv as video coding and 4:1:1 as the color sampling?
What bit depth has 4:1:1 as the color sampling?
What bit depth average has a video bit rate, Mbit/s of 25 (cbr), and 4:1:1 as color sampling?
What frame size has pcm 4 ch/16 bit/48khz as audio coding and dvcam as the format name and 4:1:1 as the color sampling?
Where was the landing site when the duration on the lunar surface was 21:31?
Who were the crew for the Falcon?
What is the average number of EVA for the Orion?
What is the highest Year, when Rank is less than 28, and when Accolade is "The 100 greatest metal albums of the decade"?
What is Accolade, when Year is less than 2009, and when Country is Germany?
What is the highest Rank, when Publication is Dagsavisen, and when Year is less than 2005?
When has a Score of 0–0, and a Away team of scunthorpe united?
Which Tie has a Score of 5–1?
Which Home team that has a Tie no of 20?
Which Home has a Tie no of 6?
Which Away team that has a Tie no of replay, and a Score of 1–2?
Which Score has a Away team of walthamstow avenue?
How many gp-gs have 121.70 as an effic and an avg/g less than 218.7?
What is the lowest gp-gs that has an avg/g less than 234.3, with 410.80 as the effic?
What is the last 10 meetings that have slu, 9-8 as the overall record?
What is the last 5 meetings that has w 5 as the current streak, and 3/18/2010 as the last meeting?
What is the last 10 meetings that have 12 as the games played?
What is the last 10 meetings that have 11/26/1988 as the lasr meeting?
What kansas vs. that has w 2 as the current streak, and 31 as games played?
What is the sum of the attendance during the game against the philadelphia eagles after week 9?
What is the total number of fans attending the game on October 8, 1989 before week 5?
What is the total of Jun 2014 when the population 2006 was less than 1,344,000?
What state was the Jun 2014 less than 73 and the Jul 2013 larger than 13, and the population 2006 bigger than 11,125,000 and that joined in 1995?
What is the qualities of the sign cancer?
What is the sign of the water element with a cold & dry (autumn/earth) north season?
What is the south season with cold & dry qualities and a cold & wet (winter/water) north season?
What is the south season of the scorpio sign, which has cold & wet qualities?
What is the highest OWGR pts, whenn Winner is Lin Wen-Tang (4), and when Prize fund ( US$ ) is less than 2,250,000?
What is the average Prize fund ( US$ ), when OWGR pts is greater than 20, and when Dates is Nov 6-9?
What is Winner, when Dates is Dec 11-14?
What is the lowest number of games with a rank less than 1?
What is the name of the player with 305 points?
What is the total rank of team roanne, which has less than 14 games?
What is the lowest of  Episode Number that has a Air Date on 20 july 2007?
What kind of Guest Host has a Episode Number of 7?
What kind of Episode Number has a Air Date on 29 june 2007?
What kind of Guest Host has a Episode Number of 7?
Which Episode Number has a Coat of Cash Wearing Celebrity of shabnam paryani?
WHich Coat of Cash" Wearing Celebrity has a Episode Number larger than 1 and with amy macdonald ( mr rock & roll )?
What is the highest bronze when the silver was 3 and the total was larger than 5?
What is the highest bronze when the silver was 0, the gold was larger than 0, and the total was larger than 2?
What is the lowest silver for France with a rank less than 5 and a total larger than 19?
How many bronze had a rank of less than 6 and a total less than 5?
Which date was the Winning Score 72-66-67-71=276?
What is the Margin of victory at the Bob Hope Desert Classic Tournament?
On what Date is the Winning Score 71-69-68-70=278?
What draw did Nigel Connell?
Who scored 57 points?
How many points did Nigel Connell have?
How many draws did gary o'shaughnessy have?
What is the Attendance with a Week that is 18?
What Attendance has a Date that is november 1, 1993?
What is the Record with a Game Site that is joe robbie stadium?
What is the sum of Silver with a Bronze that is larger than 0 with a Gold smaller than 0?
What is the average Silver with a Total that is smaller than 1?
What is the lowest Rank with a Nation that is east germany?
What is the total number of Established for soccer plated in kuntz stadium?
What is the Club that has an Established more than 2000 for soccer plated in kuntz stadium?
What is the highest Established for the kuntz stadium?
What is the highest number of titles won by the Järve club before 2013?
What is the total number of losses against the Rajasthan Royals with more than 0 ties?
What is the average number of losses when there are more than 0 ties?
What is the Result for the game played 10/02/1982 where the Attendance was greater than 21,500?
Which Location has a result of L 31-52?
What is the mean number of goals when the rank's less than 8 and there are 261 matches?
Which years had a rank of more than 6 and involved Oleksandr Kosyrin?
What is the Date when the label was alfa records, and a Catalog of alca-487?
What is the Format when Alfa records is the label, and there is a Catalog of alca-9016?
What is the Region with a Catalog of alca-487?
What is the Catalog when the format is ed remaster cd, and a Label of village records, and a Date of march 13, 2002?
What is the Format for the alca-487 catalog?
What is the Format for the alfa records Label, and a Catalog of alca-9016?
Which Rank has a Total of 1 and a Bronze larger than 0?
What kind of Silver has a Nation of norway and a Gold smaller than 3?
Which Silver has a Total smaller than 2 and a Rank larger than 8
What kind of Rank has a Bronze of 0 and a Total smaller than 3 and a Nation of austria?
What final score was there on October 8, 2006?
Which final opponent's surface was hard (i) and participated on October 9, 2005?
Who was the opponent at the game with a result of W 13–12?
What was the date of the game against the Chicago Bears?
Which Entrant had the Bugatti T35B Chassis and the Driver, Heinrich-Joachim Von Morgen?
What was the Chassis constructed by Maserati, when the Entrant was Officine A. Maserati, and when the Driver was Luigi Fagioli?
What was the Engine, when the Chassis was Bugatti T51, and when the Entrant was a Private Entry?
Who was the Driver, when the Chassis was Bugatti T51, and when the Entrant was Automobiles Ettore Bugatti?
Who was the Driver, when the Contsructor was Mercedes-Benz, and when the Chassis was Mercedes-Benz SSK?
Who was the Driver, when the Engine was 7.1 l6, and when the Chassis was Mercedes-Benz SSK l?
Can you tell me the sum of Draws that has the Against larger than 1106, and the Wins larger than 13?
Can you tell me the lowest Wins that has the Ballarat FL of daylesford, and the Byes smaller than 1?
Can you tell me the highest Against that has the Losses larger than 9, and the Byes of 2, and the Draws larger than 0?
Can you tell me the sum of Draws that had the Wins smaller than 3, and the Byes larger than 2?
Which Yards has a Long smaller than 3?
What is Regulator, when Conduct of Litigation is Yes, and when Probate Activities is Yes?
What is Reserved Instruments, when Conduct of Litigation is Yes, and when Probate Activities is No?
What is Administration of Oaths, when Rights of Audience is Yes, and when Reserved Instruments is Yes?
What is Reserved Instruments, when Conduct of Litigation is Yes, and when Probate Activities is Yes?
What is Probate Activities, when Reserved Instruments is No, and when Regulator is Chartered Institute of Legal Executives?
What is Probate Activities, when Notarial Activities is No, when Conduct of Litigation is Yes, and when Regulator is Association of Law Costs Draftsmen?
What is the highest attendance for the game after week 1 against the New York Jets?
What is the average of player Matthew Elliott (vic)?
How many runs were ranked 4?
What hardness has a formula of y 3 al 5 o 12?
Which formula has a refractive index 589.3 at 1.97?
How much is the density with a hardness of ~ 8.3?
Which material has a hardness of 8.25?
What is Country of Origin, when Type is Disposable, when Primary Cartridge is 105mm, and when Year of Intro is less than 2008?
What is Country of Origin, when Year of Intro is 1977?
What is Country of Origin, when Year of Intro is greater than 1985, and when Primary Cartridge is 125mm?
What is the total number of Year of Intro(s), when Country of Origin is Soviet Union, when Type is Reusable, when Primary Cartridge is 40mm, and when Name/ Designation is RPG-29?
Who was at Home at the Bucharest Venue with a Score of 9-9?
What date were Romania at Home at the Bucharest Venue with a Score of 13-19?
Who was at Home when the Score was 13-19?
What draw average has a televote less than 633 and Vilma Voroblevaitė as artist and the place is greater than 14?
Artist Justinas Lapatinskas with a draw of greater than 9 got what as the highest televote?
What is the total of televote for the artist Pokeris when the place was less than 10?
With a draw greater than 11 and the place smaller than 4 what was the televote?
What was the aggregate total for the match against Koper?
What Canadian Championship had CONCACAF Champions League of semifinals?
Which regular season had the playoffs of 0 mls cups?
What was the score with a goal of 16?
What is the highest Super G, when Season is later than 1996?
What is Combined, when Super G is less than 10, and when Overall is less than 4?
What is the highest Season, when Super G is 19?
What outlet has and in-state area of 055 1,497km 2 578mi 2?
What is the total area of the Arkansas River outlet with a % in-state of a021 100%?
With an outlet of Colorado River and a % instate of a038 84.8% what is in-state area?
What is the in-state area with an outlet of South Platte River and Big Thompson river as the basin?
With an in-state area of 053 1,654km 2 639mi 2, what is the total area?
What is the name of the basin with an in-state area of 071 238km 2 92mi 2?
What was the transfer fee for the player ending in 2011 and moving from Thrasyvoulos?
What was the transfer fee for the player moving in the winter window and ending in a year after 2010?
Can you tell me the lowest Week that has the Attendance smaller than 34,336?
Who was the opponents in the final that was played on April 16, 2006 and the outcome was runner-up?
Who were the opponents in the final when the game was played on hard surface and the score of the final was 6–1, 1–6, 7–6(4)?
Which date's margin of victory was 3 and 2?
What is the to par when the winning score was 67-68-70-66=271?
What is the to par when the tournament involved was the Transitions Championship?
On what date was the Transitions Championship?
Who was the runner-up on Jul 14, 1968?
What is the winning score of the tournament with Charles Coody as the runner-up?
What is the 2011 value of the French Open, which has a 2006 value of A?
What is the tournament with a 2006 value of A and a 2011 value of 1r?
What is the 2007 value of the US Open?
What is the tournament with a 2006 value of A and a 2011 value of 3r?
What Catalog was released in Germany?
What Region was the Catalog magik muzik 805-5 released in?
What is the total number of Dates during which the Catalog nebbc003 was given?
What is the highest Population per km² (2009) that is in western province, with an Area (km²) larger than 5,475?
What is the lowest Population per km² (2009) that has a Solomon Islands province, with an Area (km²) smaller than 28,400?
What is the lowest population census from 1999 with an Area (km²) of 4,225, and a Population per km² (2009) fewer than 32.6?
What Team was in 2005?
Before 2008, if the Manufacturer is dodge and the start is under 9, what's the highest finish time?
When the team is penske and they start under 9, what's the average finish time?
What is the sum of Gold, when Total is greater than 2, when Bronze is greater than 1, and when Silver is less than 1?
What is the sum of Gold, when Total is less than 1?
What is the average Total, when Gold is 0, and when Nation is Iran?
What is the sum of Total, when Nation is West Germany, and when Gold is greater than 2?
What is the average Total, when Gold is less than 0?
What is the content of the Television service of Vesti?
Which Television service has a Content of general television?
What date did the show air that had Duncan James and Kim Woodburn as panelists?
Which Administrative district has a Pre-1009 province of gwannae -do and a Post-1009 province of seohae -do?
What kind of Modern equivalent that has a Pre-1009 province of sakbang -do, and a Province of Silla of sakju?
What kind of Modern equivalent has a Post-1009 province of gyeongsang -do, and a Administrative district of jinju -mok, and a Province of Silla of gangju?
WHat kind of Province of Silla has a Modern equivalent of pyeongan?
Which Pre-1009 province has a Post-1009 province of donggye?
WHich Province of Silla has a Modern equivalent of south jeolla, and a Administrative district of seungju?
What was the lowest year that a player from midfield won first team honors?
What is the date of the munich, germany tournament?
What tournament is on October 27, 2003?
Who is the opponent in the final of the tournament on May 22, 2006?
What is the surface of the tournament with david nalbandian as the opponent in the final?
Who was the player from the United States with a score of 70-70-71=211?
What place was Dave Stockton when he had a to par of +1?
Who had a to par of +2 and a score of 78-69-68=215?
What was Tom Kite's to par?
What was the score of T3 place?
Leading scorer during the game of 68-79?
Who is the runner-up from Milwaukee?
What was the oil pattern for runner-up Pete Weber?
What city was the Dick Weber Open in?
What city had the chameleon oil pattern at the Go RV'ing Classic?
What notes are for years earlier than 2010?
What competition took place in a year later than 2009 with team notes?
What was the position in 2010 with team notes?
What is the lowest Year, when Tournament is "Beijing"?
What is Winner, when Year is 2013?
What is Round, when Tournament is "Paris"?
What is Round, when Winner is "Ivanovic", when Year is less than 2008, and when Tournament is "Paris"?
What is Score, when Year is before 2007, and when Tournament is "Sydney"?
What is the crowd where the away team scored 1.13.12 (99)?
What is the away team score where the home team score of 2.4.6 (48)?
What is the Home team with a crowd greater than 13,905 on the Telstra Stadium Ground?
What is the lowest crowd of the west coast home team?
What is the ground of the Geelong Away team?
What team has more than 49 laps and a grid of 8?
What is the grid sum with more than 50 laps?
What's the value for report for the rijeka track after 1978 when loris reggiani got the 125cc?
What's the track for 1978?
What's the track for 1982?
What was the highest long with less than 7 losses and an Avg/G smaller than 25.1?
What was Rock Cartwright's highest long with more than 11 losses?
What is the Company Name, when the Accreditation Level is Joyn Hot Fixes, and when the Accreditation Status is Approved (Awarded 17.05.13)?
What is the Accreditation Type, when the Accreditation Level is Joyn, and when the Hardware Model is Nokia 700?
What is the Accreditation Status, when the Product Name is LG RCS-e Client?
What is the Company Name, when the Accreditation Status is Approved (Valid Until 03.07.13)?
What is the Accreditation Level, when the Hardware Model is GT-I9100?
What is the Product Name, when the Company Name is HTC Corporation?
What was the most recent year the venue was Barcelona, Spain?
Wat was the result for the 20 km after 2008 when the venue was Metz, France?
What is the date of the match with sheffield wednesday as the away team?
what is the swimsuit score when the interview score is 8.626 (5)?
what is the swimsuit score when the semifinal average score is 8.367 (10)?
what is the preliminary average score when the evening gown score is 8.774 (6)?
what is the preliminary average score when the interview score is 8.600 (6)?
what is the swimsuit score when evening gown score is 9.165 (3)?
what is the interview score when the preliminary average is 8.529 (6)?
What is the average wins with 5 cuts and 1 in the top-10?
What is the sum of top-10 values for the Open Championship and less than 3 in the top-25?
What is the smallest number of events with 24 cuts and less than 11 in the top-25?
What is the largest number of events with the Masters Tournament and less than 4 in the top-25?
What was the record of the game played on November 7?
What was the game number of the game played against Charlotte?
What venue held the 1966 fifa world cup qualification on may 7, 1965?
What was the result for the 1966 fifa world cup qualification in mexico city, mexico and a goal over 8?
When was the venue mexico city, mexico with a goal of 8?
In what place was the golfer that had a score of 69?
What was T3 player Lee Janzen's score?
What is the lowest number of participants in 2013 when there were more than 5 participants in 2010, less than 4 participants in 2012 and country was germany?
What is the average number of participants in 2012 when there were less than 8 in 2013 and 7 in 2011?
What is the lowest number of participants in 2012 when there were 72 in 2010 and less than 56 in 2013?
What is the sum of participants in 2013 for Russia when there were 5 in 2010 and less than 4 in 2012?
What is the lowest number of participants in 2010 when there were 0 participants in 2012?
What was the game result on November 29, 1959?
What was the result for the game against the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What is VFB Stuttgart II Team's Stadiuim?
What is the Capacity of Ernst-Abbe-Sportfeld?
What is the Capacity of the Rainer Kraft's Stadium?
When did the Visiting San Antonio Spurs score 97-113?
When did the Houston Rockets play Home?
WHAT RANK DOES LEONARD NIMOY HAVE?
WHAT IS THE RANK OF MARTIN BREST?
WHAT IS THE STUDIO WITH A GROSS $81,198,894?
WHAT IS THE GROSS DOLLARS WITH A RANK OF 7 OR MORE, AND DIRECTOR BARRY LEVINSON?
WHAT IS THE GROSS WITH A DIRECTOR OF RICHARD TUGGLE?
Can you tell me the Score that has the Country of united states, and the Place of t2, and the Player of tom watson?
Which Species has a Length (bp/aa) of 1154bp/358aa?
What NCBI Accession Number (mRNA/Protein) has a Protein Identity of 69%?
What is the NCBI Accession Number (mRNA/Protein) for the homo sapiens Species?
What Species has the Species common name listed as human?
What Species has the Species common name listed as mouse?
What is the NCBI Accession Number (mRNA/Protein) for the mus musculus Species?
What was the winning score when the runner-up was Neal Briggs?
What day was the winning score –16 (67-70-69-66=272)?
Who was the runner-up with the margin of victory of 8 strokes?
For which tournament was Anthony Wall the runner-up?
For which tournament was the margin of victory 7 strokes?
WHAT IS THE PLACE THAT HAS SCORE OF 65 OR BETTER, FOR ROCCO MEDIATE?
WHAT IS THE PLAYER WITH A SCORE OF 66?
WHAT IS THE PLAYER WITH T7 PLACE, FOR ENGLAND?
What is the number of cups when the other was more than 3, the league more than 3, for Lauri Dalla Valle, and a Total more than 21?
What is the number for other when Adam Pepper is the player with a total more than 7?
What is the highest losses for more than 11 wins, a goal difference greater than 5, a 3 position, and more than 3 draws?
What is the average points with less than 30 played?
What is the lowest amount of draws club ud lérida, which has less than 41 goals, has?
What is the total amount of points for a position less than 7, 68 goals for, and less than 30 played?
What is teh average amount of goals for club real avilés cf, which has more than 59 goals against and a -10 goal difference?
What is the average goal difference of club cultural leonesa, which has more than 27 points and less than 9 losses?
For the game played on November 29, who had the highest rebounds?
WHAT TEAM WAS AN NCAA CHAMPION?
When the champion was Gay Brewer Category:Articles with hCards what was the total score?
What was the To Par [a] when Charles Coody Category:Articles with hCards was champion and the year was earlier than 1973?
When the United States had a total score of 274 what was the average year?
What is 1st Leg, when Team 1 is "Makedonija"?
What's the record for home team ottawa senators on march 6?
What's the score on february 18 when the visitors are the montreal canadiens?
Which fleet was named Orenburg?
Which Player has a Rank of t12, and a Country of taiwan, and a Lifespan of 1963–?
Which Country has a Player of arjun atwal?
Which Wins have a Winning span of 2000–2010?
WHAT WAS THE PICK NUMBER FOR BRANDON RUSH?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST ROUND FOR MIKE TAYLOR, WITH PICK HIGHER THAN 55?
WHAT POSITION HAS A PICK SMALLER THAN 33, AND PLAYER BEING DARRELL ARTHUR?
What was the finish of the player who had a total of 282?
What years did Lou Graham win in?
How many floors did the tallest building in Aston have?
What is the name of the building at the Jewellery quarter?
What is the name of the building at Aston?
How many floors did the building at the Jewellery quarter have?
What is Season, when Lead is "Michael Goodfellow"?
What is Season, when Third is "Glen Muirhead"?
What home team has an n/a attendance?
What's the sum of the points when attendance is 8,000 on february 22?
Can you tell me the total number of 100s that has the Balls larger than 325, and the Runs smaller than 572?
Can you tell me the sum of 100s that has the Matches of 12, and the Strike Rate smaller than 144.81?
Can you tell me the sum of 100s that has the Team of deccan chargers, and the Match of 8, and the Average larger than 35.57?
Can you tell me the total number of Matched that has the Strike Rate smallet than 152.3, and the Balls of 395?
On what date did Jesse Levine play on a hard surface?
Name the Venue which has a Losing Team of newcastle knights?
WHich Losing Team has a Venue of sydney football stadium, and a Total larger than 80, and a Winning Team of tigers?
Which Score has a Losing Team of sydney roosters, and a Total of 88?
What was the TV Time for opponent jacksonville jaguars?
What was the tv time on december 6, 1998?
How many weeks has the opponent been san francisco 49ers?
What college did the player drafted after round 2 before pick 160 attend?
What round was jerry corcoran drafted in as pick number 114?
What is the nationality of the round 4 draft selection who played college ball at oklahoma?
Who was the highest drafted player that attended college at Virginia?
What round was northeastern college player Reggie Lewis drafted in?
What Away Competition had a Result of lost 2-4?
What is the Venue against the Bracknell Bees?
What is the Away Competition on the 6th?
What Competition had a Result of lost 1-2?
What is the Man of the Match of the Competition with a Result of lost 2-5?
What is the Date of the Competition with Man of the Match Ollie Bronnimann?
what is team 2 when team 1 is fc rouen (d1)?
what is team 1 when team 2 is gazélec ajaccio (d3)?
what is the 1st round when team 2 is olympique lyonnais (d2)?
what is the lowest total when the league cup is more than 0, the name is heiðar helguson and the league is less than 3?
what is the highest fa cup when the league cup is more than 0, the name is heiðar helguson and the league is less than 3?
what is the total when the league is less than 1?
What is the lowest profits (billion $) for the rank 6?
What is the smallest rank for an industry of banking, a company of bank of america, and profits (billion $) larger than 16.47?
What is the lowest market value (billion $) with a headquarter of usa , and the rank larger than 3, assets (billion$) larger than 208.34, and the company jpmorgan chase?
What season in sanskrit means summer in English?
What is the english translation of the sanskrit word varsha?
What are the gregorian months for the season குளிர் in Tamil?
What are the months in Tamil that has an english transliteration of Mun-pani?
What is the english transliteration of late dew?
What is the english word Monsoon in Tamil?
What is the 2009 result when 2011 is 1R and 2007 is A?
What is the 2008 result when 2006 is Year-End Championship?
What is the 2009 when 2012 is Year-End Championship?
What is the 2008 result when 2012 and 2005 are both QF?
What is the 1999 answer when 1998 is Grand Slam Tournaments?
Which Score has High points of raymond felton (32)?
Which Record has a Team of philadelphia?
Which High rebounds has a Game of 76?
Which Location Attendance has a High assists of raymond felton (5), and a Record of 35–44?
Which Location Attendance has a Date of april 15?
What date was there a game larger than 17?
What is the result of the match with clyde as the opponent in the h venue?
What is the attendance on 24 December 1898?
What was the date of the match at venue A with the celtic as the opponent?
Who is the opponent of the match on 3 December 1898 in venue h?
What country does Glory Alozie play for?
In what country did fadwa al bouza have larger than 0.257 react score?
What is Place, when Score is "75-71-72-70=288"?
What is Money ( $ ), when Score is "75-71-72-70=288"?
What is Country, when Player is "Jimmy Demaret"?
What is Player, when Score is "71-69-72-72=284"?
What is Country, when Player is "Dutch Harrison"?
What is Score, when Date is May 7, 2006?
What is Surface, when Opponents In The Final is "Christophe Rochus Olivier Rochus"?
What is Tournament, when Surface is "Hard"?
What is Score, when Partnering is "Alexander Waske", and when Opponents In The Final is "Rafael Nadal Bartolomé Salvá-Vidal"?
Which Royal house is named Elah?
What is the type of Leader for the Royal House of Baasha, who is named Elah.
What is the average Silver with rank 30 and a Bronze greater than 0
What is the highest Gold that has a Silver less than 7 and Bronze less than 0
What is the highest Bronze with a Silver greater than 0 and a Gold of 7 and a total less than 29
What is the sum of Total ranking 9 and a Gold more than 6
What is the lowest Bronze with a 17 Rank and a Total less than 5
What is the venue that is located in zhodino?
Which Home Team has a Tie no of 13?
What is the Away Team when the Home Team is Fulham?
Which Date has a Tie no of 11?
On 27 January 1968 who was the Home Team when the Away team was Carlisle United?
If the Home Team is Newport County what is the Score?
What is the lowest league for a less than 0 league cup?
What is the lowest Scottish cup with a challenge cup less than 1, and 0 league cups, and player Kris Doolan?
What is the sum for the Scottish cup that has player Damon Gray, and more than 1 league?
What was the average league with Kris Doolan and a total less than 5?
What aircraft has 129 made?
Which type has 140 made?
Which aircraft has heavy transport?
Where was the Kai Kuh-1 Surion Produced?
Which First Pref votes have a % of seats of 0.8?
How many First Pref votes have Seats of 1?
Which % FPv has First Pref votes larger than 19,684, and Seats of 9?
What game number is the Kansas City Kings team?
Who was the opponent when he went more than 1 round with a record of 12-7?
Which event did he win with a method of submission (triangle choke) and a time of n/a?
What was the result when the method was submission (kimura)?
In which location was the method decision (split)?
In which location did the fight last just 0:31?
Who owns the kool-fm branding?
Which frequency belongs to the beat branding?
Which frequency belongs to the cihr-fm call sign?
Who owns the fm 101.3 frequency?
Which call sign has a frequency of FM 105.3?
Who owns the kool-fm branding in the adult hits format?
What was the score against Portland in game numbers under 20?
WHAT CHAMPION HAD RICHMOND RIVER COURSE ON JUNE 13?
WHAT YEAR WAS ROBERT COOMBES CHAMPION ON MAY 7?
What's the record of the game on Nov 13?
What's the score of Game 5?
What was the score of Game 13?
What is the final score when the opponent was Real España, in the 2008–09 season?
What was the final score when the opponent was Atlético Choloma?
What team was the opponent in the 2008–09 season, with a final score of 2–3 l?
What was the opponent in the 2008–09 season, with a final score of 2–3 l?
What shows for playing when the opponent was Real España, in the 2012–13 season?
What did Steve Elkington par?
What did Ernie Els par?
What place is Spain in?
Which High rebounds have a Game larger than 4, and a Date of may 27?
What was the score on may 21?
Which Game is the highest one that has High rebounds of pau gasol (11)?
What was the series on may 27?
Which High rebounds have a Game larger than 2, and a Team of @ denver, and High assists of kobe bryant (5)?
What was the location and attendance for the game after game 36 against Atlanta?
What was the record of the game for game 31?
What is the game number when the game was against phoenix?
What is the tie number when Wigan Athletic is the home team?
What is the date when Grimsby Town is the home team?
What is the date of game with tie number of 10?
What is the score when away team is Crystal Palace?
WHAT IS THE YEAR WITH DARI, AND TITLE osama (أسامة)?
WHAT IS THE RESULT WITH A FILM TITLE FIREDANCER?
Who had the highest points when the series was 4-2?
What was the score when the series was 3-2?
What is the average sales for the company with market value of 204.9bil and profits under 20.6bil?
Which Doctor is featured in City of Death?
Available in 2-CD format, what is the title of story number 026?
Who was the away team when bournemouth was the home team?
What is the tie no when scunthorpe united was the away team?
Who was the home team when swansea city was the away team?
Who is the 92.5 with the press of 282.5?
Who is the 92.5 with the press 282.5?
Which 92.5 holds the world record?
what is the season when the lead is john shuster and third is shawn rojeski?
what is the season when the third is shawn rojeski?
WHAT IS THE RELIGION WITH A SCHEDULED TRIBE OF 0.90%?
WHAT IS THE FORWARD CASTE WITH A SCHEDULED TRIBE OF 0.90%?
WHAT IS THE FORWARD CASTE WITH A SCHEDULED CASTE OF 89.50%?
WHAT IS THE FORWARD CASTE WITH A SCHEDULED CASTE OF 0.80%?
What was the score for the game with a record of 11-22 and a H/A/N of A?
What was the H/A/N for the game that ended in a score of 108-102?
What was the score of the game with a H/A/N of H and a record of 12-24?
What was the score of the game played on December 17, with a H/A/N of H?
On what date did the Cavaliers have a record of 9-14?
Who were the opponents in the game that ended in a score of 116-106?
HOW MANY CARS HAD A CAR # SMALLER THAN 7 AND STARTED ON 2010?
WHAT WAS THE LOWEST CAR # WITH SON-E-WA, AND 2012 START YEAR?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST # OF CARS WITH A START YEAR LESS THAN 2012, TBA CURRENT CAR, AND MORE THAN 1 CAR?
Which monarch assumed office on December 15, 1876?
On what date did ke ʻ eaumoku pāpa ʻ iahiahi leave office?
How many years in office were served by the person who assumed the office on October 4, 1886?
On what date did the person who died on March 23, 1824 leave office?
On what date did the person leave office who died on October 23, 1887 and who served 2 years?
Who is the monarch that left office circa 1886?
What is the report for Challenge Stadium?
What did the Melbourne Tigers score when they were the away team?
How many were in the crowd when the score was 97-80?
How big was the crowd when the South Dragons were the away team at the Gold Coast Convention Centre?
What is the position of pick 32?
Who was the player in round 1?
Who are the opponents with a record of 3-0?
Who is the opponent with 16 points?
What were the high assists when the score was l 86–94 (ot)?
What were the high rebounds when the score was l 101–109 (ot)?
What is the Venue that has a Rank of 2?
What is the Rank that has a Season of 1995/96?
What is the Opponent that has a Rank of 4?
What is the Rank that has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Margin of 115 runs?
What is the Season that has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Rank of 4?
What is the Margin that has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Season of 2002/03?
What is the To par of the Player from New Zealand who had a Score of 75-70=145?
What is the To par of the T3 Player?
What is the sum of Rank, when Assists is "82"?
What is the total number of Assists, when Name is "Pablo Prigioni", and when Games is greater than 21?
What is the average Assists, when Games is greater than 19, and when Name is "Pablo Prigioni"?
What country is Tom Kite from?
What is the most money United States player Bob Gilder won?
What was the statue in st. paul, minnesota constructed before 1966 made out of?
When was the most recent statue that was made out of solid granite completed?
What Game had a Result of 105-95?
What is the Home Team of the game against Seattle on June 1?
What is the Home Team in Game 2?
What is the Road Team in the game with a Result of 105-95?
What is the Game on May 24 with Road Team Seattle?
On what Date was the Result 82-92?
What is the 2006 population of the area with vehicle registration code of G and population density of 1,432.0?
What is the area of Waterford?
What is the NUT 3 region with area of 41.58?
What is Opponent, when Event is RITC 22 - Rage In The Cage 22?
What is Record, when Method is KO, and when Opponent is Rich Guerin?
What is Round, when Event is RITC 89 - Triple Main Event 89?
What kind of Social Sec Leeds has a Media Officer of jason james and a Treasurer of james davidson?
Name the Social Sec Leeds has a President of tom dawson?
Name the President has a Media Officer of pete marshall/ nazar striletski?
Name the Social Sec Leeds has Fixtures Sec of n/a, and a General Sec of n/a, and the Season of 2005–2006?
Name the  President who has a Treasurer of james davidson, and a Season of 2006–2007?
Name the Fixtures Sec which has a Season of 2009–2010
What is the Format of the Epic/Sony Label after 1980?
What is the Format of the Label with Catalog SBP 234999?
Which poll put Dick Durbin at 56%?
What is Dick Durbin lead margin in the poll with 59%?
Which poll source has a lead of 17?
What is the Nationality from Providence?
What years did Elden Campbell category:articles with hcards and jersesy number of 41 play?
What is the listed date of the Warren pony truss bridge that was built in 1925?
When was Moores Creek Bridge built?
When was Blackburn Point Bridge built?
What county is the St. Augustine bridge in?
Which Date has Notes of notes?
Which Date has a Location of davos, and a Time of 45.7?
Which Location has a Date of 1931-02-02?
Which Time has Notes of men's speed skating?
Which Location has Notes of eisstadion, and a Date of 1930-01-11?
Which Distance has a Date of 1930-01-11?
What is the weight when the race was the VRC Melbourne Cup?
What weight has a distance of 8F, and RRC Hill Stakes (wfa) as the race?
What is the distance when the weight is 9.2?
what is the pick for adam gettis?
what is the pick for alfred morris when the overall is less than 217, and the round is smaller than 6?
what is the college for keenan robinson when overall is more than 102?
what is the pick for robert griffin iii?
How many appearances did the flamengo player who was with flamengo during the years 1989–1993 1996–1998 2004–2005 have?
What was the attendance on week 1?
Who was the opponent before week 3 and a result of w 28-6?
What is the sum of core# with a part number of osa242cep5au and TDP greater than 82.1?
What is the sum of core# with a TDP less than 85.3?
Which Winning score has a Date of aug 26, 1973?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Date of may 19, 1973?
Which Margin of victory has a Runner(s)-up of betty burfeindt, and a Tournament of pompano beach classic?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Tournament of cameron park open?
Which Runner(s)-up has a Winning score of –8 (68-68-72-72=280)?
Which Date has a Tournament of national jewish hospital open, and a Runner(s)-up of pat bradley?
What is the date for the winner Universitario after the 1943 season?
What is the competition before the 1930 season, and a winning draw?
Who is the co-driver for the 6th position and more than 159 laps?
Which location has 13 floors and a rank greater than 12?
What is the Visitor on January 1?
What is the Record of the Game on January 20 with Visitor Toronto Maple Leafs with a Score of 3–1?
What is the Record of the game on November 24 with a Score of 6–2?
What is the Record of the game on November 15 against Visitor Chicago Black Hawks with a Score of 1–3?
What is the Date of the game with a Score of 3–1 and Record of 1–1–0?
What is the Visitor of the game on January 24?
What is Record, when Game is 27?
What is Team, when High Rebounds is David Lee (15)?
What is Record, when Location Attendance, is Madison Square Garden 19,009?
What is the lowest runners-up for the club that took third place in 2003 and fewer than 1 third-place entry?
What song is on volume:issue 65:1-3?
How many weeks on top was OMC?
What's the volume:issue of Sheryl Crow with 3 weeks on top?
What is Coverage (Transmitter Site), when Power (kW) is "10kW", and when Callsign is "DYFX-TV"?
What is Coverage (Transmitter Site), when Power (kW) is "10kW", and when Callsign is "DYFX-TV"?
What is Branding, when Callsign is "DXED-TV"?
What is Power (kW), when Coverage (Transmitter Site) is "Lucena"?
What year did Ivanovic win with Ivanovic greater than 4 and round of R16?
What is the highest result for Jankovic at Indian Wells and round of SF?
Where did Ben Gordon (8) have the high assists?
Who had the high points at the United Center 20,389?
Where was the location attendance when Minnesota played?
What date did Ben Gordon (8) have high assists?
What team had a finish of 25 in a smaller than 28?
For any races with a start of 14 what was the lowest finish?
What is the transfer fee for Jimmy Gibson?
What is the sum of silver medals won for rank 7?
Which Team 2 had the 1st leg of 1–0?
Which Team 1 had a 1st leg of 0–2?
Which 2nd leg has a 1st leg of 2–0?
Goldfields Obuasi Team 1 has what Agg. totals ?
Which Inhabitants has a Party of south tyrolean people's party, a Municipality of bruneck, and an Election larger than 2010?
Which Election has a Municipality of laives, and Inhabitants smaller than 17,197?
What is the number week with a result of w 40–62?
What was the game site week 15?
What is the record when the result was w 52–43?
What is the highest week when the game site was Verizon Wireless Arena, and the result was w 59–42?
What is the opponent on May 25, 2007?
What team was the opponent with a record of 5–0?
What date was the away team from Adelaide?
What date was the Colonial Stadium?
What was the total crowd attendance at Westpac Stadium?
What is the attendance of the match with maidsone united as the away team?
What is the attendance with a 45 tie no.?
What is February, when Opponent is "Montreal Canadiens"?
What is February, when Record is "21-29-11"?
What is the lowest February, when Record is "21-30-11", and when Game is greater than 62?
What is Score, when Game is less than 61, when February is less than 11, and when Opponent is "@ Buffalo Sabres"?
What is the highest Game, when Record is "21-30-11"?
Who had the most rebounds in the game against Phoenix with a number over 76?
What is Years, when Jersey Number(s) is 5?
What is Position when Player is Drew Barry Category:Articles With hCards?
What is Years, when Jersey Number(s) is 21, and when Position is SG?
What is Postition, when Nationality is United States, when Jersey Number(s) is 12, and when Player is Tom Black Category:Articles With hCards?
Which Club has a Founded smaller than 1882, and a League of fa premier league?
Which Venue has a Club of west bromwich albion?
Which Sport has a Founded larger than 1874 and a Club of birmingham city?
What kind of League has a Venue of billesley common?
COunt the Founded which has a Venue of villa park?
Name the Club which has a Founded larger than 1875, and a Sport of football?
What score did Seve Ballesteros have when he was in T3 place?
What was the money value for Jerry Pate?
What country is Curtis Strange from?
Who had a score of 77-69-70-71=287?
What was Tom Kite's to par?
What is the date for the game where Platense was the home side?
On what date was the game with fewer than 6650 in attendance, that finished 0:1?
Who was the home team in the game with more than 1675, and Olimpia was the away side?
What was the total Attendance in weeks previous of 5, playing the Seattle Seahawks?
Who is the head coach for the team that has finke as the shirt sponsor?
Who was the team captain of tus koblenz?
Who is the shirt sponsor for the team with a head coach of andre schubert and a kitmaker of puma?
Who is the team captain for the team with sparkasse (düsseldorf) as the shirt sponsor?
Who is the head coach for the team, arminia bielefeld?
What is the result of the game with 77,698 in attendance?
What is the Venue when the result was 2-1?
What is the venue when the Round shows after extra time, chelsea won on 4-1 on penalties?
What was the attendance when the result was 1-1?
What is the Version of the CD release?
What is the Label of the Original CD release?
What is the Version of the CD release on June 12, 2008 in Cyprus?
What is the Region of the release on December 22, 2008?
What is the Label of the release on June 12, 2008 in Cyprus?
What is the Format of the release in Greece?
What is the total number of Tonnage, when Date is "25 June 1943"?
What is Ship, when Nationality is "Syria", and when Date is "26 June 1943", and when Tonnage is "80"?
What is the record of the game that resulted in a loss with more than 56,648 people in attendance?
What was the university of akron's enrollment?
Which athletics nickname was founded in 1872?
Which School Colors has an Enrollment larger than 15,664, and Founded of 1910, and a Location of bowling green?
What date did the executive office in Dover take office?
What left office date happened in Washington?
What type of office left office in 1810?
What is the 2nd Leg, when Team 2 is Marbella?
What was the result F-A for round 5?
What is the most elevated Played that has a Lost smaller than 12, and a Name of ec amberg (n), and a Position smaller than 4?
What is the average Lost that has a Name of ec amberg (n), and a Position smaller than 4?
What is the whole of Points that has a Drawn smaller than 1?
What is the whole of Drawn that has a Lost of 4?
What is the whole of Drawn that has a Played larger than 14?
What was the result of the game on April 28?
Who was the home team on April 20 against Boston?
What was the result of game 3?
What is the result of the game on April 17 against Los Angeles?
What is the date of game 3 with Boston as the road team?
What is the IATA for Esperadinha Airport?
What is the name of the airport in São Filipe that has an IATA of sfl?
In which city is the ICAO gvma?
What is the ICAO for the IATA bvc?
On which island is Esperadinha airport located?
Which city has an ICAO of gvsf?
How many gold when silver is less than 32, bronze is 25, and overall is less than 67?
How many silver when bronze is 25 and overall is less than 67?
what is the least silver when overall is less than 67, team is saami and gold is less than 5?
what is the average bronze when the team is northwest territories and gold is more than 34?
How many silver when the team is northwest territories and gold is less than 34?
What is the away team with West Ham United as the home team?
What is the attendance of tie no. 23?
What is the attendance of the match with Carlisle united as the home team?
what is the sum of total when year(s) won is 1985?
what is the finish when the country is united states and the player is tiger woods?
How many times was the finish t32?
Who was the home team on 8 January 1946 with a tie no of 4?
What is the score of the game where Wrexham is the home team and the date is Blackpool?
Name the Programming which has an Aspect of 4:3, and a PSIP Short Name of ibc-tv?
Name the highest Channel with an Aspect of 4:3, and a PSIP Short Name of ibc-tv?
WHich Video has a Channel larger than 56.4?
Which Programming has an Aspect of 4:3 and a PSIP Short Name of metvla?
Which Channel has an Aspect of 4:3 and a Programming of me-tv?
Who is the opponent in a game higher than 76 on April 6?
What is the earliest April date with a game less than 76?
Which Tracking Method has a Latest stable release of n/a, and a Price in USD of from $202/month?
Which Name has a Company of quantcast corporation?
Name the Latest stable release that has a Price in USD of free / negotiable?
Name the Company which has a Price in USD of free / negotiable?
Name the Company which has a Tracking Method of cookies via javascript, and a Latest stable release of n/a, and a Name of clicktale?
Name the Tracking Method which has a Company of mapmyuser, llc?
What was the tie number of the game when the queens park rangers were the home team?
What was the tie number when the away team was Wrexham?
Which brigade has a population of 190?
What defending forces have a population of 650?
Which defending forces have the name Danna?
What name has a population of 810?
Which defending forces has a population of 230?
In what region was Degeneration released in digital format on 19 July 2008?
What was the name of the catalog released on 19 July 2008?
who is the away team when the home team is luton town?
what is the attendance when the home team is chester city?
who is the home team when attendance is 25 november 1997 and the away team is exeter city?
Who are the semifinalists of the tournament with magnus gustafsson as the finalist?
Who is the winner and score of the tournament with semifinalists goran prpić sergi bruguera?
Who is the winner and score during the week of April 22?
What week was the tournament of paris?
What is the average Champions League assists for the players with League assists under 4?
What is the most Champions League assists for those with a total of 6 and position of Midfielder?
What is the sum of the FAC/LC G with a CL G less than 2, less than 5 total apps, and a UEFA YC greater than 0?
What is the average FAC/LC apps with a CL G greater than 0, less than 33 PL apps, a FAC/LC G of 0, and less than 2 FA YC?
What is the sum of the FAC/LC apps with less than 25 PC apps and a UEFA YC less than 0?
What is the sum of the total apps of player benayoun, who has a PL G greater than 0 and more than 9 CL apps?
What is the total PL G of player pennant, who has less than 7 CL G, less than 7 CL apps, and a FA YC of 0?
Which tournament had an opponent of petra krejsová tereza smitková?
What was the outcome when darija jurak anaïs laurendon was the opponent?
When was the outcome runner-up with a score of 4–6, 3–6?
What is the highest game with a 47-21-3 record?
what is the s.r. number when lb&sc number is 34?
what is the withdrawal when the lb&sc number is less than 16 and the s.r. number is 2011?
what is the built when s.r. number is less than 2033, lb&sc number is less than 18, notes is i2 and withdrawal is cannot handle non-empty timestamp argument! 1935?
What is the average Wkts, when Player is Beau Casson, and when Ovrs is greater than 32?
What is the highest Ovrs, when Econ is 2.02?
What is the lowest Ovrs, when Wkts is greater than 13, and when Econ is less than 3.21?
Who was the opponent with the record of 4-0-0?
What was the score of the game on October 20 with a decision of Lundqvist?
What game is the first with the Pittsburgh Penguins the opponent?
What is the average gold medals of the nation with 2 total medals, more than 1 bronze, and less than 0 silvers?
What is the highest total medals of russia, which has more than 1 silver and more than 6 bronze medals?
What is the total number of gold medals of the nation with 1 bronze and less than 1 total medal?
What is the total number of silver medals of the nation with more than 16 total medals?
What is the average total medals of the nation with 4 bronze and more than 1 silver medals?
What is the total number of gold medals of slovakia, which has less than 1 silver medal?
What was the score when the match was in the country of Scotland?
What is the name of the player that has a To par of –1?
What country was the game in when the player was Craig Stadler?
What is the name of the player when the Score was 72-73-67-72=284?
What is the total height in meters for the building that has a less than 380.6 feet height?
What are the fewest floors for the building that has a height of 116 meters?
What was the Attendance in Week 2?
What was the Attendance on November 6, 1960?
What was the Attendance when the Result was L 31–23?
What was the Opponent in Week 9?
What was the Opponent before Week 11 with an Attendance of 63,571?
What is Michigan State's position?
What is the nationality of the play for New Jersey from 2007-2009?
What was the attendance when they played the New Orleans Saints?
Who was the outgoing manager of the Heart of Midlothian?
What is the vacancy date of Dundee?
Who was the outgoing manager that was replaced by Tony Mowbray?
What date was Dundee appointed?
What is Race 1, when Team is "Dick Johnson Racing", and when Race 3 is "DNF"?
What is Race 2, when Race 1 is "18"?
What is Team, when Race 2 is "5"?
What is Driver, when Race 2 is "10"?
What is Race 2, when Driver is "Paul Radisich"?
What is Driver, when Team is "Romano Racing"?
The 20th Century Fox film directed by Joel Schumacher grossed how much?
Which studio grossed $83,531,958 and ranked lower than 13?
WHAT YEAR WAS AT GIANTS STADIUM, WITH WINNER OF NEW YORK GIANTS?
What is Qual 2, when Best is 1:27.642?
What is Name, when Team is "Herdez Competition", and when Best is 1:27.432?
What is Qual 1, when Qual 2 is 1:27.537?
What is Best, when Team is "Rocketsports Racing", and when Name is "Alex Tagliani"?
What is Qual 2, when Best is 1:27.976?
What is Best, when Name is Jimmy Vasser?
What is the highest game whose score was 94-116
Where was the game that was larger than 30 and scored 106-111
Which Venue has a Round of gs, and a Result of 0–3?
What was the result on 27 august 2003?
Which Result has an Attendance larger than 48,588, and a Venue of A, and a Date of 4 november 2003?
Which Result has a Venue of A, and an Opponent of manchester united?
Which Round has an Attendance larger than 13,718, and an Opponent of manchester united, and a Date of 4 november 2003?
What score has jim courier as the opponent in the final?
What is the label for the CD format in North America?
What is the date for Bron 535 Catalog?
What region is the Gold Vinyl format from?
What is the label for the UK in 1996?
What is the catalog with a bronze label and in Vinyl format?
What date was the bronze label in vinyl format?
What record has montreal, qc as the location, with boston bruins as the visitor?
What was the highest Pick for Lonnie Brockman before round 9?
How many picks did Central State have before round 2?
What was the highest round for Bowling Green with a pick smaller than 210?
What was the average tonnage for the Siljan ship from Sweden?
What was the average tonnage for Beatus, raided on 18 October 1940?
Which ship had a tonnage over 8,782?
Which ship was raided on 26 September 1940?
What is Score, when Game is greater than 49, and when Opponent is "Pittsburgh Ironmen"?
What is Date, when Opponent is "Chicago Stags"?
What is Record, when Date is "March 1"?
What is Record, when Game is greater than 55, and when Date is "March 25"?
What is the Home team when the Attendance was 1920?
What is the Home team when Motagua is the Away team?
What is the Score when Deportes Savio is the Home team?
On what Date is Olimpia the Home team?
What is the Attendance when Vida is the Away team?
What is the lowest number of FA Cup goals for players with 12 League goals and 14 total goals?
How many FA Cup goals does George Yardley have?
Which Home is on january 11?
which Record has a Home of ottawa senators on Date of december 21?
Which Score has a Visitor of toronto st. pats, and a Home of montreal canadiens, and a Record of 3–2–0?
which Home has a Visitor of ottawa senators and a Score of 2–3?
Name the Record of Visitor of toronto st. pats with a Score of 5–4 and a Home of ottawa senators? Question 5
Name the Home with has a Score of 2–7?
What is Career with the franchise [b ], when Player is "Willie Anderson Category:Articles with hCards"?
What is Nationality, when NBA years [a ] is "1", and when Previous Team is "Seattle Supersonics"?
What is Player, when Pick is greater than 24, and when NBA years [a ] is "9"?
What is Career with the franchise [b ], when Previous Team is "New Jersey Nets"?
How many years did Real Colorado Foxes make it to the Open Cup 1st Round?
When is the latest year that Real Colorado Foxes did not qualify for the playoffs but make it to Open Cup 2nd Round?
In 2012, which round in the Open Cup did Real Colorado Foxes make it to the conference semifinal?
Where did Day & Age rank in the Rolling Stone in 2008?
What country did Day & Age rank number 1 in Q prior to 2011?
Which Title is from 1952?
Can you tell me the highest Lost that has the Pool/Round of pool 2, and the Played smaller than 6?
Which network had unknown games and a title of hvem kan slå ylvis hvem kan slå aamodt & kjus?
What was the date of the show titled Beat the Star?
Which date was the show aired on the RTL Televizija network?
Which date was the show aired on the RTL Televizija network?
Which network aired the program Schlag den Raab?
WHAT IS THE LOWEST DIAMETER FOR A LATITIDE OF 52.0S?
What is the position elected in 2011 from the Country of Algeria?
What is the lowest term from the 2007 election with the position of chairperson?
Which Telebooms have a Brigade of total?
Which Platforms have a Hazmat of –, and a Type of urban & rural, and a Brigade of lara?
Which Tankers have a Hazmat of –, and Platforms of –, and a Staffing of volunteer?
How many Pumpers have Cars of 1, and a Staffing of volunteer, and a Brigade of grovedale, and Tankers smaller than 1?
What is the average Year that has a Quantity of 10, and a GWR Numbers of 409, 290, 315, 317–321, 324, 333?
What was the score of the player who earned $5,000?
What place did Phil Rodgers finish?
What country is the player who earned $9,000 from?
What round did the MWEHL team, Detroit Honeybaked, and the NHL Team Columbus Blue Jackets play?
Who was the player in Round 7, on the MWEHL Team Detroit Honeybaked, and the NHL Team, Philadelphia Flyers teams?
What is the NHL team for Round 5 and an overall ranking of #154?
What is the MWEHL Team on Round 2, with player Nicolas Kerdiles?
Who is the player on round 7 with an overall ranking of #195?
Which MWEHL team has player Ben Johnson?
How many people attended the game on week 3?
What is the Report for the School for Ages of 2-17?
What are the Ages of the Seashell Trust School with Ofsted Report?
What is the Website of the Cheadle School for Ages 8-16?
What is the Website of the Cheadle Hulme School with a Report of Ofsted for Ages 4-19?
What is the Locality of the Penarth Group School for Ages 8-16?
WHAT IS THE SCORE OF MARCH 28?
WHAT IS THE SCORE WITH VISITORS CHICAGO BLACK HAWKS ON MARCH 24?
What is the Date for the Home team West Ham United
what is the score that has tie number 27
what is the tie number that has Portsmouth Home team
What is the score of the United States, which has a to par of +5?
For a record of 3-2, what team was home?
What was the home team when the visiting team was Chicago Black Hawks, a game with a record of 0-2?
Can you tell me total number of Silver that has the Republic of latvian ssr, and the Total larger than 6?
What is the transfer window for the player whose status was loan ended?
Who was the player with a transfer window of summer and was moving to Kortrijk?
What is the status of the player who is moving to Nantes?
Which Type has a Capacity of 28 passengers, and a Number of 16?
Which Builder has a Date smaller than 1913, and a Length of feet (m), and a Number of 15?
Which Date has a Length of feet 9inches (m), and a Builder of portland terminal company?
Which Type has a Capacity of 10 tons, and a Number of 24-27?
How many Dates have a Builder of laconia car company, and a Number of 63-68?
What is the score for Billy Andrade?
What country is Nick Price from?
What is the to par for the player with score of 67-67=134?
Team 1, Everton, has what as a 1st leg?
The 2nd leg is what for the Atlético Madrid as Team 1?
Fulham as Team 1 has the 2nd leg score of what?
What name is for the period 1945-1949 & 1953-1954 1949-1952?
Which name is on the of fc sète olympique de marseille?
What role has the team of Troyes AC Grenoble Foot?
What name has the role of midfielder for 1999-2003?
Which period has the team CS Sedan?
What is the team with the name Boumediene Abderahmane?
What was the finishing position with 13 points?
What Driver had 50+3 Points?
When was the most recent game that he partnered with nicklas kulti and they scored 3–6, 7–6, 6–4?
Who did he play on a hard surface?
When was his first game on a clay surface where he scored 0–6, 3–6?
what is the highest wickets when the matches is less than 5, player is jim laker and average is more than 52.44?
what is the average when matches is less than 5 and wickets is more than 9?
what is the sum of matches when the player is jim laker and wikets is less than 9?
what is the highest wickets when the best bowling is 2/32 and matches is less than 5?
what is the highest wickets when best bowling is 5/40 and average is less than 33.09?
Which player has a pick# over 47?
Who is the player with a FB position?
What is the Score that has a To standard of –3, and a Player of Jim Furyk?
What is the Country that has a Player of Scott Hoch?
What is the Player that has a To standard of –4, and a Score of 74-70-68=212?
What is the Score that has a To standard of –2, and a Country of Spain?
What is the Score that has a Player of Ernie Els?
What is the Player that has a Place of t2, and a Score of 74-70-68=212?
what is the date when the nationality is united kingdom, the type is freighter and the displacement is 5,145 t?
what is the name when the displacement is 8,305 t?
what is the name when the type is freighter, nationality is united kingdom on 3 may 1940?
what is the date for tirrana?
what is the name for the nationality total:?
Who is the republican Jon Huntsman that was administered June 19, 2008?
What is the most minimal Final year that has a North or east end of covington?
What is the total of Final year that has a Notes of replaced by i-96?
What is the most minimal Final year that has a Notes of replaced by i-75 and m-25, and a First year larger than 1926?
What is the average First year that has a Notes of replaced by us 12 when i-94 replaced us 12, and a Final year larger than 1961?
What is the number of the votes of the election before 2004 with edward mahama as the candidate with 3.0% share of votes?
What is the outcome of the election with edward mahama as a candidate and 73,494 votes?
What is the earlest election with a 0.9% share of votes?
Who is the candidate with 73,494 votes?
What is the share of votes in the 2008 election?
What is the number of votes of candidate edward mahama, who had 0.9% share of votes?
Which Ages have a Capacity larger than 21, and an Ofsted of 106168?
Which Ages have an Ofsted larger than 106172, and a School of oakgrove school?
Which Ofsted has a Capacity smaller than 56, and Ages of 11-16?
Which Capacity has a School of windlehurst school, and an Ofsted smaller than 131889?
How many people attended the game when sydney spirit was at home?
When the crowd was greater than 19,498 who was the away team?
What ground had a 17.10 (112) home team score?
What's the average crowd size that had an away score of 15.17 (107)?
What's the crowd size with an away score of 16.9 (105)?
An attendance larger than 33,684 and an opponent of Hamilton Academical had this listed as a result?
When did grid 8 finish?
Which Location has a Game greater than 20 and a Date of Wed. Dec. 26?
On what date is the Score 94-109?
Which Location has a Game greater than 27 and a Record of 18-10?
What is the number of losses for the team with a points difference of -25?
What is the number of draws for the team with a points difference of -210?
What is the points difference for the team that has allowed 615 points against?
What is the number of matches played for the team with 0 draws and 33 points?
What is the number of points for the team with 2 matches drawn and 577 points for?
What was the result when home was fc luzern (asl)?
Who was the guest on 24.11.07 when the result was 0:1 at 16:00?
What day was the time 14:30, the result 0:1, and the home team fc chiasso (chl)?
Who was the gues on 25.11.07 when home was stade nyonnais (1.l)?
Who was the guest when the result was 0:3?
What was the result when the guest was fc zürich (asl)?
What's the white of E93 King's Indian Defence when Kasparov was black, moves were greater than 19, and happened before 2000?
What tournament had a black of Kramnik and an opening of B66 Sicilian Defence?
What year had a black of Kramnik, opening of E05 Catalan Opening, moves greater than 38, and a result of ½–½?
What year had 32 moves?
What year has 14 moves and an opening of C54 Italian Game?
what is the lowest round2 when round5 is 71 and round4 is more than 64?
what is round1 when round3 is less than 51, total points is less than 273, round2 is less than 98 and round5 is less than 24?
what is the rank when the total points is more than 194, round4 is less than 64, round3 is more than 51 and round 2 is less than 66?
what is round2 when round5 is more than 35, round3 is less than 51, the rank is smaller than 2 and the team is netherlands?
what is the lowest round3 when round4 is 37?
What is the team that has a shooting guard that played for the Grizzlies in 2000-2001?
What's the United States team that played for the Grizzlies in 1995-1996?
What are years that Obinna Ekezie played for the Grizzlies?
What's the school that played for the Grizzlie from 1995-1998?
What position does Wayne Ellington play?
What is the premier league number when the position is forward, and the total is more than 22?
What is the total when the league cup is less than 1, and the fa cup is less than 1?
What is the lowest league cup with a premier League of 1, and the total is less than 5?
What is the lowest FA Cup when the league cup is 1, and the total is more than 23?
What is the lowest grid for Roberto Rolfo with more than 26 laps?
What was the time for Aprilia and their driver Casey Stoner, before gird 9, and less than 26 laps?
What are the highest laps for Marco Melandri?
Which player lost more than 12?
What is the name of the player that lost more than 4?
Which name has a lane less than 8, russia as the country, with a mark of 8.07?
How many lanes have 2 as the heat, and susanna kallur as the name?
What name has 8.19 as the mark, with 3 as the lane?
In which discipline was non-championship under Championship?
What type of motorsport has a session of pre-race test?
With a Championship of 1959 USAC Championship Car Season what is the event?
What race even has NASCAR Featherlite Modified Series as the championship?
The Milwaukee Mile circuit has what type of session?
The 2001 NASCAR Winston Cup Series championship has what has a circuit?
Which Semifinalist has a Tournament of stockholm?
Which Tournament has a Winner and score of goran ivanišević 6–4, 6–2, 7–6(2)?
Which Finalist has a Week of may 3?
Which Surface has a Week of march 1?
Which Semifinalists have a Tournament of rome?
Which Surface has a Semifinalist of stefan edberg thomas muster?
Which Drawn has a Played of 20, and a Club of rhigos rfc?
Which Points for has a Losing bonus of 2, and a Club of bridgend sports rfc?
Which Points against has a Lost of lost?
Which Points has a Points for of 381?
Which Tries against has Points for of 564?
Which Club has a Drawn of 0, and Points of 26?
What country won in 2004?
How many years have a Name of tour quartier des spectacles, and Floors smaller than 31?
what is the date that the away team is aldershot?
who is the home team when the away team is bolton wanderers?
What's the largest amount of assists juan ignacio sánchez ever had?
Who played over 37 games and had 202 assists?
What is the highest total value when bask and base are each 3?
What was the 2nd event aired on 8 June 2008?
What episode had sumo ball for event 3 and the wall for event 4?
What is the earliest episode aired on 8 June 2008?
What is event 4 when event one was gauntlet, event 2 was duel, and event 3 was pendulum?
What is the air date  the had atlasphere for event 1 before episode 11?
What was the lowest placement with a final of 23.92?
What did the Surname Lindberg rank?
What was the lowest number of 2008 total bearers with a rank less than 13 and the Surname Jansson?
What Etymology ranked 12?
What team has more than 32 games and 311 rebounds?
What is the highest rank team akasvayu girona had with less than 311 rebounds?
How many games did team iurbentia bilbao have with rebounds higher than 212?
How few games are there for a rank more than 1 and more than 212 rebounds?
On what date is the Chrysalis Records label.?
What is the date of the Chrysalis, Island Records label?
On what date was the format of ed remaster cd?
The Catalog of ilps 9153 is from what region?
What label is from the Region of Spain?
what is the latest year when the venue is berlin, germany?
what is the year when the notes is 5000 m and the competition is world junior championships in athletics?
Who has the highest assists in game 72?
What is the record of the game on March 21?
Which season has more than 5 episodes each 159 minutes in length?
What is the release date for Ben 10: Alien Force Volume 9 on DVD?
What the episode count for Ben 10: Alien Force Volume 8 on DVD?
What title was release November 17, 2009 in a 16:9 aspect ratio?
What is the aspect ratio for the September 1, 2009 release?
Which network broadcasted the cup after 2011?
When John Harkes was the color commentator, and Alexi Lalas and Steve McManaman were the pregame analysts, who were the sideline reporters?
Who does pregame analysts for TSN2 network when Taylor Twellman is the color commentator?
Where is Train No. 16031 arriving from?
What train arrives from Kazipet?
With the game that was less than 16 what was the high assists?
On December 25, what was the record?
What is the length of the track located in Taylorville, Illinois?
What was the sanction of the event at Nashville, Illinois?
What programs are there for the South Fork Dirt Riders track?
How many points did Newport RFC get?
What club had a loss of 15?
When there were 554 points, what was the point difference?
When there were 767 points, what was the point difference?
What club had a points difference of -24?
What is the outcome of the match with opponent Jade Curtis?
What is the outcome of the match played on carpet surface?
What is the name of the Tournament with Jade Curtis as the opponent?
Who has Runs of 124?
Name the Runs which has Venue of adelaide oval , adelaide?
Which Venue has michael di venuto on Season of 2000/01?
Name the Runs has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Season of 2004/05, and a Rank of 5?
Name the Runs that has a Venue of bellerive oval , hobart, and a Player of travis birt?
What is the front-side bus for the processor whose frequency is 733MHz?
What is the L2 cache for the processor with a 750MHz frequency?
What is the multiplier for the processor with a frequency of 733MHz?
What is the smallest height with a prominence of 2,349?
What is the height when col is 1,077 and prominence is more than 2,349?
What is the smallest col where height is less than 4,274 and peak is Triglav and prominence is less than 2,052?
What was the result of the game after week 6 against the cleveland browns?
What was the Ravens' record on December 5, 1999?
What date did the Ravens play the buffalo bills?
What date was the week 10 game?
What was the school type for Los Angeles, California?
What were the dates for Honolulu, Hawaii in Kindergarten?
What is the highest Pick that has a round greater than 6 and an overall greater than 216?
What is the highest round that has an overall of 143 and a pick greater than 6?
What was the session at the circuit of lowes motor speedway?
Which session had a discipline of open wheel?
Which championship had a Circuit of le mans?
What was the discipline for the Championship of international championship for makes?
What was the session at the circuit of autodrom most?
What was the discipline for the euroboss championship?
what is the lowest played when the position is more than 9?
what is the average points when played is less than 16?
what is the highest points when position is higher than 6, lost is less than 12 and drawn is less than 1?
what is the sum of points when lost is less than 10, name is vfl denklingen and position is higher than 2?
WHAT IS THE WORST SCORE WHEN THE BEST SCORE WAS 8.8 AND AVERAGE WAS LARGER THAN 6.2?
WHAT IS THE TOTAL AVERAGE WITH A PLACE SMALLER THAN 1?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST PLACE AND BEST SCORE BIGGER THAN 10?
Can you tell me the High points that has the Date of january 31?
Can you tell me the Score that has the Game of 40?
What was Lee Trevino's score?
What was the highest grid for Patrick Carpentier?
Who has the lowest laps with 29 points on 1 grid?
What is the location and attendance of the game with a game number greater than 7 and a record of 5-2-1?
What is the location and attendance of the game with a 3-1-0 record?
Who is the opponent of the game with a game number less than 5 with a 2-0-0 record?
What Frequency's Branding is Your Cure for Corporate Radio?
What is the Format of AM 980?
What is the Branding of the Frequency owned by Sound of Faith Broadcasting Group?
What is FM 99.9's Format?
What is the Format of the Frequency CJBX-FM?
What is the Call sign of the Frequency 106.9 the X?
Which Score has an Opponent of @ buffalo sabres?
How many Points have a Date of march 19, 2009?
When was the Attendance larger than 19,356, and there was a Record of 31–32–13?
What time is CDT when EDT is 4:55 a.m.?
What is the time for PDT when CDT is 6:38 a.m.?
What time is CDT when PDT is 3:17 a.m.?
What time is MDT when EDT is set and PDT is 6:00 a.m.?
Which Finals has a A-League of 0 6, and a Pre-Season larger than 0?
Which Pre-Season has a A-League of 0 1, and a Finals larger than 0?
What is the highest Taper (in/ft), when Size is 8?
What is the date for week 15?
What is the total attendance for Candlestick Park?
Who was the opponent on april 26, 2003?
What was the result on week 1?
What was the result of the game that took place on april 26, 2003?
What was the result of the week that was a bye before week 6?
What is the lowest number of districts (kecamatan) in the north sulawesi province with more than 1,510 villages?
What is the sum of the number of districts (kecamatan) in the geographical unit of java with more than 4 recencies (kabupaten) and less than 8,577 villages?
What is the average number of regencies (kabupaten) with more than 331 villages and a 2010 population census of 12,982,204?
What is the lowest number of cities (kota) which has less than 65 districts (kecamatan), an area of 16,424 km², and a 2010 census population less than 3,890,757?
What is the sum of the number of cities (kota) with an area less than 47,799 km², the capital yogyakarta, and a 2010 density greater than 1,138?
Which score was associated with an attendance of 275?
What was the lowest attendance by the game that had an away team of Vida?
Who was the away team that had attendance under 2614 and a home team of Victoria?
Who was the home team for the game with Platense as the away team and attendance under 529?
What was the attendance for the game with an away team of Hispano?
Which home has an attendance of 507?
What was the total attendance for the 3:1 game?
How many goals against were scored when the points were smaller than 13, the wins were smaller than 3, and the goals for were smaller than 15?
What was the highest position when the wins were higher than 4 and the points were lower than 11?
When the goals against were higher than 30, what was the average number of draws?
How many wins happened when there were fewer than 2 draws?
How many goals against were scored when the position was higher than 1 and the played was higher than 10?
What year were the Grizzlies in Providence?
What player from the United States played for the Grizzlies from 1997-1998?
Which player played for the Grizzlies from 1997-1998?
Who won the men's ski jump when the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 1980?
With the Winter Olympics was 1960, what was the country?
What was the Winter Olympics was Japan as the country?
The winner Arnfinn Bergmann has what under country?
When the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 1962, 1964 what was the Holmenkollen?
What is the total number of Money ( $ ), when To Par is "13", and when Player is "Julius Boros"?
What is Player, when Money ( $ ) is less than 387, and when Score is "73-76-74-72=295"?
What is the total number of To Par, when Money ( $ ) is less than 387, and when Player is "Al Brosch"?
What is Place, when To Par is less than 15, and when Score is 76-72-75-71=294?
What is Player, when Country is "United States", when Money ( $ ) is greater than 387, and when Score is "75-74-74-70=293"?
WHAT IS THE RECORD FOR THE GAME SMALLER THAN 31?
WHAT IS THE GAME ON SEPTEMBER 13?
Which team had more than 10 wins with a champion of Mat Mladin?
Which team had 2 wins and a season later than 1986?
What was the score for Team 1 of Stade Lavallois (d1)?
What was team one name for the Team 2 of Toulouse Fc (d1)>?
What was the name of the Team 1, where the Team 2 was Stade De Reims (d2)?
What was teh score of the game where Toronto was the home team on January 28?
What is listed for the High rebounds on the Date of March 31?
What is the Record for the Team of Indiana?
What's the Score for the Game of 75?
Which Release date has a Required OS of windows, a Type of 2d, and a Developer(s) of zeonix?
Which Payment has a Type of 2d, and a Release date of january 2003?
Which Payment has a Type of text, and a Release date of 26 september, 2003?
Which Type has a Release date of november 30, 1997?
Which Release date has a Type of 2d?
Which Release date has a Developer(s) of microsoft research?
what is the meet when the event is flying 200 m time trial?
what is the record when the event is 1 km time trial?
what is the place when the event is 4000 m individual pursuit?
what is the place when the event is 4000 m individual pursuit?
what is the meet when the date is 3 august 2012?
Which Year has a Position of 4th?
Which Event has a Competition of chicago marathon, and a Year larger than 2004?
WHich Venue has a Year larger than 2003, and a Position of 10th?
Name the Venue which has a Position of 5th?
What is the Place 2 Player?
What Player has a +3 To par?
What is the Place of Player with To par of +6 and Score of 78-70-74=222?
What is the Country of the Player with a Score of 75-70-74=219?
What is the Country with the T3 Place Player with a Score of 71-76-71=218?
In what event is the opponent Joe Nameth?
What is the record when the loss was to Alex Hunter in round 1?
What is the method when the opponent is Andre Roberts?
What is the round when the opponent is Andre Roberts?
What is the round when the loss came with a record of 2-4?
How many rounds was the fight with a decision by submission (punches)?
Who played against the Celtics on Sat. Feb. 23?
Who played against the Celtics when the final game score was 85-102?
What game was the final score 82-79?
What is the highest value for Game, when Points is 16, when Date is November 11, 2008, and when Attendance is greater than 19,289?
What is Date, when Points is 13, and when Location is RBC Center?
What is Surface, when Score in Final is 3-6, 6-3, 6-2?
What is Championship, when Outcome is "runner-up", and when Opponents In Final is "Gigi Fernández Natalia Zvereva"?
What is Opponents in Final, when Partner is "Jill Hetherington", and when Year is after 1988?
What is Surface, when Opponents, when Final is "Gigi Fernández Robin White"?
What is Outcome, when Championship is Australian Open, and when Year is before 1994?
What is the sum of Year(s), when Championship is "Australian Open", when Outcome is "Runner-Up", and when Score in Final is 3-6, 6-3, 6-2?
What iwas the attendance of the game that took place on december 6, 1998?
What was the date of week 3?
On what date was the opponent the Miami Dolphins?
Which week was the team's bye week?
What was the result of the week 13 game?
What is the range (varies by payload weight) for Shahab-4?
What is the range (varies by payload weight) for the unknown player?
What is the payload for Class MRBM, and a range of 1,930km?
What is the name/designation for Operational Status and a range of 1,930km?
What is the name/designation for the under development status?
What is the name/designation for the 1200kg payload?
Which Venue has an Event of marathon, and a Year larger than 1995, and a Position of 4th?
Which Position has an Event of 10,000 m, and a Competition of world championships, and a Year larger than 1993?
WHAT TEAM HAD A 28 PICK?
HOW MANY ROUNDS HAD A PICK OF 7?
What is Player, when Position is C, and when From is Cincinnati?
What is Years, when Postition is PG, and when From is USC?
What is Player, when From is Cincinnati, and when Position is C?
What is From, when Nationality is United States, and when Jersey Number (s) is 2?
Which Grid has Laps smaller than 22, and a Bike of honda cbr1000rr, and a Rider of luca morelli?
Which Grid has a Time of +13.999?
Which Grid has a Rider of loic napoleone?
What is 4zr's callsign?
What is the On-air ID of the broadcaster at frequency 0 801?
4tab of commercial broadcaster Radio Tab broadcasts at what frequency?
What band does 4cca use?
What is the On-air ID of FM broadcaster 4nsa?
The community station broadcasting at frequency 0 96.9 is in what band?
What is the original name for the song "Sono Io"?
Who were the singers for the song "We Rock" in French?
What was the original name for the song performed by Brad Kavanagh?
What is the original name of the song performed in Swedish?
Who was the singer of "This is Me" in Sweden?
What was the original name of the Spanish song in Spain?
What is the result for 1989 that has a 1992 result of 0 / 1?
For what tournament is the 1990 0 / 4?
What is the 1988 result that has a 1994 result of A, and 3r as the 1987 result?
With a 1992 result of A, and at the U.S. Open Tournament, what is the 1989 result?
What are the 1994 results with a career SR of 0 / 3?
What result in 1994 has a SR as the tournament?
What is the most recent year with a position of 3rd?
What is the venue when the result was position of 17th?
What is the lowest total that has 1977 as the year (s) won?
How many totals have andy north as the player?
What country has 302 as the total?
How much money does player ben crenshaw, who has a t4 place, have?
What is the country of player curtis strange?
What is the score of the United States, which has more than $24,542?
What is the Margin, when Date is 19 July 2008 (Round 19)?
What is the Winning Team, when Losing Team is South Sydney Rabbitohs?
What is the Venue, when the Score is 56-4?
What is Busan's rank?
Which rank had a population of 7,069,000?
What is the total population for the 3,616km area?
What was the 2007 budget when there were more than 115,897 employees and an order succession of 11?
What was the order of succession for the department of education?
What was the highest 2007 budget when the order of succession was 3?
During what wicket were Mahela Jayawardene and Thilan Samaraweera batting partners?
What batting team played in Karachi?
Which batting team had 624 runs?
What batting team played in Chittagong in 2003?
Which fielding team had 1st wicket?
Where did the west indies batting team play at?
What is the highest November date that has a game under 19 and opponents of the Minnesota North Stars?
What is the total number of games that led to a record of 12-4-2 after November 22?
What manufacturer made 6 and preserved 1?
How many did alco -schenectady preserve of class b-3?
What manufacturer made class b-2?
What is the time (GMT) for the 4A Serial?
What is the time (GMT) for the 12A Serial?
What is the sum of the round of Fred Smoot, who has a pick number greater than 14?
What position does the player from Mississippi state play?
What is the highest pick of the wr player with an overall less than 15?
What Country scored 72-65-73=210?
What country has Dave Barr as a player?
In what place did Dave Barr score?
What was Raymond Floyd's score?
What Country scored 70-68-70=208?
What was the record when the TKO (elbows) method was used?
What is IATA, when City is "Alexandria"?
What is Airport, when Country is "Egypt", and when ICAO is "Heba"?
What is City, when Country is "Kuwait"?
What is IATA, when ICAO is "Hesh"?
What is Country, when ICAO is "Hesh"?
What is City, when IATA is "amm"?
If Notre Dame had a pick larger than 5, what's the overall pick?
Which college had a pick of under 5?
What was Ralph Shoaf's pick number?
What is Score, when Place is "T9", and when Player is "Jeff Sluman"?
What is Country, when Player is "Scott Dunlap"?
What is To Par, when Country is "United States", when Place is "T4", and when Score is "71-68=139"?
What is Score, when Player is "Jeff Maggert"?
What is Place, when Player is "Justin Leonard"?
What is Score, when Place is "T4", and when Player is "Scott Hoch"?
Which Multiplier has a Front Side Bus of 200 mhz, and a Frequency of 1200 mhz?
Which Frequency has a Socket of socket 370, and a Model Number of c3 1.4a?
Which Frequency has a Model Number of c3 1.4a?
Which L2-Cache has a Frequency of 1333 mhz, and a Model Number of c3 1.3a?
Which Front Side Bus has a Voltage of 1.4 v, and a Frequency of 1333 mhz?
Which Frequency has a Multiplier of 6×?
Which Year has a Returned On of march 10, 2013?
Which Ship has a Year larger than 2013?
When did TDB depart?
Which Returned On has a Year of 2011?
From how many years did tampa, FL depart?
Can you tell me the sum of Laps that has the Manufacturer of kawasaki, and the Grid smaller than 7?
Can you tell me the sum of Grid that has the Laps of 30, and the Rider of toni elias?
When was the opponent Bye?
Which opponent was on week 2?
Which Former Team has a Pick larger than 20?
Which Player has a Pick larger than 20?
Which Position has a Pick smaller than 14, and a Player of tyrone bogues?
Which Position has a Player of bernard thompson?
Which Nationality has a Former Team of denver nuggets?
Which Player has a Pick larger than 2, and a Position of forward?
Which team did they play on March 11?
Who had the high rebounds, and how many, when they played Denver?
WHAT PICK HAD STEVE HAMILTON IN ROUND LARGER THAN 2?
WHAT WAS THE OVERALL NUMBER WITH A POSITON OF DB, AND ROUND GREATER THAN 8?
What is chris jones' location?
Who has a date of october 11, 2008?
What's the highest reign on march 10, 2007?
What was the competition for goal 8?
Which venue had more than 9 goals and a final result of 4-1?
What was the record for game 59?
How much was paid to Andy North when he placed t10?
Where did Calvin Peete of the United States place?
What is the number of goals when the position is DF, the nationality is England, and the Crewe Alexandra career is 1948–1951?
What is the position when the Crewe Alexandra career is 1988–1990, with 31 goals?
What is the total number of Goals with a nationality of England, and position of DF, and a Crewe Alexandra career is 1958–1962, and less than 170 appearances?
what is the score when the date is february 3?
what is the game when the opponent is new york knickerbockers?
what is the score on february 18?
what is the game when the opponent is @ chicago stags?
what is the score on february 16?
Total number of laps at a time of +56.977?
What is Release Date, when Format is CD, and when Title is Tsar Wars?
What is Title, when Doctor is 06 Sixth Doctor, and when Company is Big Finish?
What is Doctor, when Format is CD, and when Title is The Relics Of Time?
What is Release Date, when Title is Aladdin Time?
What is Title, when Release Date is 2011-12-01 December 2011?
What is the lowest Share, when Rating is greater than 1.3, and when Air Date is May 28, 2008?
What is the total number of Rating(s), when Air Date is June 25, 2008, and when Share is greater than 3?
What is Viewers, when Episode is "A Family Affair"?
What is the lowest Share, when Episode is "Farmer Picks A Wife"?
What is the total number of Rating(s), when Weekly Rank is 76/88?
How many times did the team with an average start of 18.9 make the top 10?
What was the attendance of the game in week 13?
When did Sydney Barnes debut in England?
What is the sum of points with more than 5 losses and more than 14 played?
Which name was in a position less than 4 with 2 losses?
Which name has more than 14 points with less than 1 draw?
What is the largest number played with 16 points in a position over 4?
What is the lowest heat for the United states with a mark of 51.85 pb and lane higher than 6?
What is the average lane racheal nachula has when the heat is less than 2?
What is the average heat that has 52.83 sb mark and lane less than 4?
What is Record, when November is less than 10, and when Game is less than 13?
What example for did- is shown for a Consonant final stem of -ø?
What example for did- is shown for a Consonant final stem of -i, and a Noun example: datv- of datv-is?
What example for ch'aghara- is shown when the example for did- is did-ma?
What example for did- is shown for a Consonant final stem of -i, and a Noun example: datv- of datv-it?
What example for did- is shown for a Noun example: datv- of datv-is?
What was the Stadium against Bye?
What was the Attendance on November 26?
What was the Week on December 17?
What was the Result on September 24?
What Stadium had a Result of w 20–16?
Which College has a Round of 11, and a Pick of 14?
Which Name has a Round smaller than 11, and a Pick of 13?
Which Overall has a Round larger than 7, a Pick larger than 13, and a Name of tony hall?
Which College has a Round of 11, and a Position of wr?
WHAT IS THE MUSIC WITH SAMBA?
What is the hometown of Devon Bookert who is 6-3 tall?
What is raymond floyd's lowest $?
Which Player has a Score of 67-72-71-75=285?
Which money is the highest one that has a To par of –1, and a Score of 73-70-73-71=287?
Which To par has a Score of 67-72-71-75=285?
What was Spain's score?
Which country is Jay Haas from when he had a to par of E?
Which country had a score of 72-67=139?
Which player was from England with a to par of +1?
What was the to par when the score was 69-69=138?
What was the to par when South Africa was in T4 place?
What is Location, when Result is 28-21?
What is Date, when Location is Polo Grounds, when Winner is Philadelphia Eagles, and when Year is 1948?
What is Year, when Location is Philadelphia Municipal Stadium?
What is Winner, when Location is Connie Mack Stadium, and when Year is 1946?
What is Date, when Result is 16-0?
What is Result, when Year is 1948, and when Date is November 7?
Who did the Rangers play in a game that was later than 72 when the team record was 39-27-9?
What was the score at the game earlier than 66?
What's the largest number of Gold medals won when bronze won are 2 and total won are over 7 by Hungary?
What's the average amount of Gold medals won when there were more than 1 silver medal won and less than 2 bronze medals won.
With a gain of 1,380, what is the highest Avg/G?
When Thomas Clayton had a gain less than 71, what was the highest long value?
What is the date of the game where Inter Milan was the opponent.
What is the most lanes used that had a winner from Ireland?
What is the total number of lanes used for races with winners from Austria?
What is the most lanes used in races with more than 1 heat and a winning mark of 7.25?
What is the mark set by Laura Turner?
What score did John Mahaffey have?
What was the nationality of the player with a score of 72-72-67=211?
What place did Keith Clearwater get?
When was the match with an away team score of 13.15 (93)?
Who was the away team at the Football Park match?
In which round was Jerry Butler chosen?
What was the result of the dance which had a style of contemporary jazz?
Can you tell me the sum of the Pick # that has the CFL Team of edmonton?
Can you tell me the sum of Pick # that has the Position of sb, and the College of minnesota?
Can you tell me the Position that has the CFL Team of toronto?
What is the name of the incumbent for Glenn Nye?
Who was the other party nominee that ran against Democratic Rick Boucher?
Who is the other party nominee for district 3?
The Home team of Sydney had which ground?
What were the Away team Kangaroos Crowd totals?
What is the average Crowd for Away team with a score of 17.14 (116)?
When the Ground was Optus Oval, what is the Home team score?
what is the tournament when the court surface is clay and began in 1892?
what is the location when began is before 1990 and the country is france?
what is the court surface when the tournament is paris masters?
what is the tournament when the country is united states?
what is the earliest began when the court surface is clay in hamburg?
Which country placed t5?
How did Tim Herron place?
Which player placed t10?
At what event did he fight takaharu murahama?
When the match lasted 2:16 how was it decided?
What is the highest urban population for Guangxi province?
What is the urban population for the city of Fuzhou?
What is the lowest population (2011) for the community with an Area of 12,241km2 and a Density (inhabitants/km 2) smaller than 21.1?
What is the area (in km2) for theewaterskloof, whose population in 2011 was less than 108,790?
What is the area in km2 for Cape Agulhas, whose density is larger than 9.4 inhabitants/km2 and whose population in 2011 was less than 33,038?
What is the area in km2 for the community that had a population in 2011 larger than 35,916 and a density of less than 47.1 inhabitants/km 2?
What was the score when the opponent was Montreal Canadiens?
What was the record on December 3?
Who was the opponent in Game 27?
Who was the opponent on December 1, before Game 28?
What's the population of durham parish?
What's the total area in kilometers of the parish addington?
Which Studio has a Director of oliver stone?
Which Director has a Rank of 12?
Which Gross has a Studio of mgm?
Who was the Builder for the locomotive that has a works number of 323?
Which side has Vischer as the inscription?
What is the inscription with John Vanbrugh listed as the identification?
Which side has Orcagna as the inscription?
Which group has David D'Angers as the official history?
What is the name of the inscription where Virgil is listed as the identification?
Which side has Ludovico Carracci listed as the identification?
What is the sum number of round with Nebraska as the college and the overall greater than 40?
What is the minimum pick that drafted Pat Shires, with a round greater than 29 and an overall greater than 328?
Where did Celestino Tugot place?
What is Doug Ford's country?
What was Ben Hogan's par?
What is Tommy Bolt's place?
What place had a score smaller than 74 and a par of e?
What was the time/retired for the car raced by Simone Grotzkyj?
Who was the manufacter of the car with a time/retired of +0.122?
Who is the manufacturer of the car driven by Bradley Smith?
Who is the driver of the car that started in grid 14?
Who is the driver of the car manufactured by ktm, who started in grid 1.
What was the time/retired of the car that started in grid 4?
What is the To par of the Player from Spain?
What is the Money of the T4 Place Player with a Score of 71-66-74-67=278?
What is the Money of the Player with a Score of 71-66-74-67=278?
What is the IUCN for the gales point reserve when the Est. is 1998?
What is the IUCN for the Cockscomb Basin reserve when the Est. is less than 1998?
What is the total number of Game, when High Assists is "Rajon Rondo (6)"?
What is Record, when High Points is "Ray Allen (20)"?
What is Record, when High Points is "Ray Allen (27)"?
What is Team, when Date is "March 27"?
What is High Assists, when Team is "Oklahoma City"?
What is Score, when High Assists is "Rajon Rondo (12)", and when High Points is "Paul Pierce (27)"?
WHICH 2/3 (P) has a 2 (VF) of তুই dhutish?
WHICH Verb has a 2 (VF) of তুই boltish?
WHICH 3 (F) has a 2 (VF) of তুই khetish?
WHICH 2/3 (P) has a Verb of khêla?
Which 2 (F) has a 3 (F) of সে khelto?
Name the 2 (VF) which has a 2 (F) of তুমি dhute?
What is the sum of Cumulative Distance in meters where the level is smaller than 8 and the Cumulative shuttles is more than 61?
What is the total Cumulative Distance in meters that has fewer than 8 shuttles and fewer than 7 cumulative shuttles?
What is the cumulative time (min and seconds) that has more than 6 seconds in shuttle time and a total level time of 64.8 seconds?
What is average December when game is 30?
Which opponent has a game larger than 23, December larger than 8, and record of 8-10-7?
What was the aveg/g for the qb with the Att-Cmp-Int of 117–215–6?
What was the total effic for the quarterbacks?
what was the att-cmp-int for the qb with an effic of 127.89?
Who is the challenge leader that played on 9:30 pm on Wed., Nov. 28?
What is the name of the Big Ten team who played ACC Team Maryland where 17,472 attended the game?
What is the location of the game that was televised on ESPNU at 7:15 pm on Tue., Nov. 27?
In which tournament was the opponent Lauren Embree?
What was the score on 19/08/2012?
What was the outcome of the match on 01/07/2007?
What status has 10 as the population?
What status has an area km 2 less than 27.82, with 352 as the population?
What status has an area km 2 greater than 10.9, with 4,674 of 5,008 as the census ranking
What is the lowest population that has Big Hole Tract 8 (south) as the official name, with an area km 2 greater than 27.82?
What is the highest up:down ratio with 4 mbit/s upstream?
What is the upstream with a 150 gb monthly cap?
What is the upstream with an up:down ratio of 0.03 and a 150 gb monthly cap?
Which record has an Attendance larger than 17,033, and a Location of air canada centre, and less than 3 points?
Which location has a Score of 3–2, and a Record of 3–2–3?
Which score has a Date of october 29, 2008?
What is the year when the course is sunset ridge cc?
what is the score at Olympia fields, illinois?
what is the course at midlothian, illinois for a year before 1934?
Where is runner-up Betsy Rawls from?
What was the highest share for the winners in 1959?
What was the winner's share before 1963 in Madison, Wisconsin?
What was the Venue on November 14, 2007?
What was the Score on November 10, 2007?
What was the Competition on November 16, 2007?
What was the surface tye during the match with the opponent of richard fromberg?
What was the championship during the match with the opponent of richard fromberg?
What was the surface type during the match with the score of 6–4, 7–6 (7-5)??
Who did wilson reis fight against that lasted less than 3 rounds with a time of 1:02?
Which Meet has a Time of 3:50.65?
Which Time has an Event of 200 m butterfly?
Which Meet has a Club of centro de natacon carabobo?
Which Location has a Time of 4:13.48?
Which Date has a Time of 1:00.59?
Which Location has a Club of delfines ucv?
Which name has notes b and the game of tennis?
Which lifetime has alan gendreau?
What was the rural % where the source estimate was census and the urban % was larger than 57?
What was the hometown/high school of 170 pound player tyler wilson?
What position did kyle mckenzie play?
Which date has a Week larger than 5, and an Attendance of 54,803?
Which date  has a Week smaller than 14, and an Opponent of san francisco 49ers?
Which opponent has a week smaller than 15, and a Result of l 23-17?
Which date has an Opponent of bye?
Which date has a Result of l 25-13?
What's the sum of the population with a population density (per km²) of 24.8?
What's the average area in canada with a population density (per km²) larger than 3.4?
What capital has an area of 2166086?
What's the highest population density for a population less than 6000?
What's the lowest population with a population density (per km²) larger than 1203.7?
Which Pinyin has a County of changhua?
Which County has a Chinese of 新竹?
Which Pinyin has a Chinese of 臺南?
Which County has a City of changhua?
What is taipei's lowest 2010 population?
What was Diego Saraiva's record when he fought for 3 rounds against danny suarez?
What event did Diego Saraiva fight jorge gurgel?
How many games had Montreal Canadiens as an opponent?
What was the time when the method was TKO?
How many rounds was the fight when the record was 4-0?
Who was the opponent when the round was more than 2?
Can you tell me the average Game that has the Team of @ boston?
Can you tell me the Team that has the Date of march 17?
What is the record with the opponent as Carlton Jones?
What is the percentage of votes received by the party of family rights?
What is the % of seats where the difference is 0.25?
What is the % of seats where the difference is 0.19?
Who was No. 8 when No. 10 Jackson and No. 5 Mason?
Who was No. 5 when No. 6 Mason and No. 10 Jackson?
Who was No. 8 when No. 1 Michael and No. 4 Logan?
Who was No. 9 when No. 5 Mason and No. 3 Aiden?
Who was No. 3 when No. 5 James and No. 6 Mason?
Smaller than 37, the highest year for Ford?
Lowest finish for ganassi at smaller than 19 start for smaller than 2004 year?
What is Method, when Event is "Reality Submission Fighting 2"?
Which Votes has a Governorate of hewler?
Which Candidate has a Votes larger than 622,961, and a Governorate of baghdad?
What is the average draws with less than 3 wins and more than 5 points?
What is the average number of goals with more than 9 points, less than 14 goals against, and a goal difference less than 17?
What is the average number of wins with less than 10 goals?
What is the lowest position with a -22 goal difference and more than 5 points?
What is the Title, when the Composer(s) is Sakdatorn, and when the Arranger(s) is Jitrakorn Mongkoltham?
What is the Title, when the Lyricist(s) is Yarosake, and when the Composer(s) is Yarosake?
What is the Length, when the Title is "The Way To Your Heart"?
What is the Length, when the Composer(s) is Sakdatorn, and when the Arranger(s) is Jitrakorn Mongkoltham?
Who is/are the Composer(s), when the Arranger(s) is Banana Boat, and when the Length is 4:25?
Who is/are the Composer(s), when the Arranger(s) is Banana Boat, and when the Length is 4:25?
What i the try bonus with 12 losses?
What was the losing bonus for the 20 played, and 353 points?
What was the played with 38 tries?
What are the tries for a club of a club?
What is the loss with 319 points?
Who was the runner(s)-Up to winner Sarah Brice?
What season had bachelor Byron Velvick?
What was the season that the runner -up was Tenley Molzahn?
Who was the runner-up for the show that premiered on March 25, 2002?
Who was the leading scorer on the game played on February 25?
What was the visiting team that had a record of 26-18?
What was the score for the game played between Cleveland and Orlando at Cleveland?
What was the visiting team for the game that ended 82-75?
who were the semifinalists for the tournament in montreal?
Who was the finalist for the tournament in berlin?
What type of surface was played at the tournament in berlin?
Where was the tournament where monica seles was the finalist who played on a hard surface?
Who is the away team against the home team Hartlepools United?
Who is the away team against the home team Ashington?
What is the score for the away team, Ipswich Town?
What date did the away team Mansfield Town play?
What was the score fore the away team Dartford?
What date did the away team Bristol Rovers play?
What is the Brigade, when the Type is Rural, and when the value for Tankers is 1?
What is the Hazmat, when the Type is Rural, and when the number of Tankers is 1?
Which country had the first store in the year 2007?
What year was the first store that had a hypermarket of 3?
What year was the first store in India?
Can you tell me the average Attendance rhat has the Opponent of dunfermline athletic?
Can you tell me the average Attendance that has the Scorers of steven, johnston, walters, mccoist, i.ferguson?
What number has 0 steals and less than 32 points?
What was the overall score when the score for set 3 is 21–25?
What is the set 1 score when the total is 85–101?
On what date was the score for set 3 22–25?
What is the overall score when the set 2 score is 25–18?
What is the score for set 1 when the score for set 3 is 22–25?
What Player had a Score of 70-69-75=214?
With a To par of +4, what is Andy Bean's Score?
What is the To par of the T5 Place Player with a Score of 71-68-76=215?
What is the Place of the Player with a To par of +4 and Score of 70-76-71=217?
What is the Score of the T3 Place Player?
What is the Country of the Player with a To par of –1?
In what year was Luxembourg Host?
When Iceland gets the Silver, who gets the Bronze?
What is the maximum rank when there is 0 gold, and the bronze is less than 4, and the silver is greater than 1, and 2 as the total?
Rank 14 with a total greater than 1 has what as the average bronze?
How many medals under total when silver is less than 2, gold is 3, and bronze is less than 0?
What is the fewest total when silver is 0, and gold is less than 1, and rank is less than 13?
What is the total rank where the total is less than 5, and bronze is less than 0?
What place was the player hailing from Zimbabwe in?
What was the score of Bernhard Langer after 3 rounds?
How many Goals for were recorded when there was a percentage smaller than 0.519 and points greater than 65?
How many games were recorded with Goals for number of 215?
what is the to par when the player is jack nicklaus?
what is the lowest money ($) when the place is t2 for player johnny miller?
what is the to par when the score is 69-70-72-72=283?
What was the venue when the result was 3-2?
What competition had a score of 3-0, and a result of 4-1?
Which Tie no that has an Away team of altrincham?
When has a Score of 0–1, and a Tie no of 3?
When has a Tie no of 15?
Which Away has a Tie no of replay, and a Score of 2–0?
Name the Score on 17 december 1979?
Name the Home team of tranmere rovers?
what is the area when the census ranking is 2,290 of 5,008?
What is the population when the area km2 is 173.4?
what is the census ranking when the area km 2 is 173.4?
WHAT IS THE FRANCE WITH PEOPLE UNDER 18 OF SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA?
WHAT IS THE PARIS WITH A FRANCE OF 1.4%?
WHAT IS THE VAL-D-OISE WITH A FRANCE OF 1.4%?
WHAT IS THE VAL-DE-MARNE WITH A Seine-Saint-Denis of 2.7%?
WHAT IS A Seine-Saint-Denis WITH A PARIS OF 12.1%?
WHAT IS Val-de-Marne WITH Seine-Saint-Denis of 4.0%?
What was the score for the match at the tournament in canada f7, toronto?
Who were the opponents that played on a hard surface on July 13, 2008?
What type of surface was played on when the score was 2–6, 6–1, [10–5]?
What type of surface was played on July 27, 2013?
What party was the member peter howson part of?
Who was the electorate when the member was rex connor?
What was the term of office for noel beaton?
What was the term of office for the electorate warringah?
What is the lowest game number that has attendance higher than 15,052, and more than 36 points?
What is the total number of people in attendance when the game was at TD Banknorth Garden, in a game higher than 31?
What state is Wesson in?
What is the College/Junior/Club Team (League) when the position is rw, and the player is Don Murdoch?
What is the position when the round is less than 2?
What is the nationality when Claude Periard is the player?
What is the lowest round for the player Claude Periard?
When did the consort who had talal i as a spouse die?
Who was the spouse of the consort who was born as rania al yassin?
When the Overall is under 102, what's the round played?
What is the highest Week, when Date is "November 8, 1970"?
What is the lowest Attendance, when Date is "December 20, 1970", and when Week is less than 14?
What is Opponent, when Week is "5"?
What is the place with the 68 score?
what is the voltage when release date is june 2001 and frequency is 1.13ghz?
what is the part number(s) when l2 cache is 512 kb, release date is june 2001 and sSpec number is sl5lv, sl5pu, sl6bw, sl6jm?
What is the L2 Cache when the Part Number(s) is rk80530pz014256?
What is the Release Date when sSpec Number is sl5xl, sl657, sl6by, sl6jp?
What is the Socket when the Part Number(s) is rk80530pz001256?
what is the semifinalists when the surface is hard (i)?
what is the surface when the winner and score is gustavo kuerten 6-4, 7-5, 7-6(6)?
who is the winner and score for the week of august 9?
what is the surface for the week of october 25?
who is the winner and score for finalist sébastien grosjean?
what is the week when the finalist is marcelo ríos?
What country did Chris Witty represent?
On what day was the record set at the 2002 Salt Lake City games with a time of 3:57.70?
Who set the record in the 500 metres event?
What is the name of the CB pos in the 2012 culb CN Sabadell?
What is the name for the 2012 CN Sabadell?
What is the weight of the CF pos on the 2012 CN Sabadell team?
When was the attendance 3686?
What is the away team whose home is Victoria?
What was the attendance when the away team was Real Espana?
Where is nac breda club located?
Ron Jans is a manager of which kit maker?
Which manager sponsor arke shirt?
Which kit maker have Trond Sollied as a manager?
Who is the manager of club fc twente?
What is the date of the game with 62 points?
Who was the home team on January 4?
What is Player, when Years With Spurs is 1988-95?
What is Height in Ft., when Years With Spurs is 1973-74?
What is Position, when School/Previous Club Team/Country is Kentucky?
What is Position, when Height in Ft. is 6-10?
What was the lowest fumble with an average of less than 5.7 and 236 yards?
What was Buck Pierce's highest average when there were less than 2 fumbles?
What is the census ranking for the community with an area smaller than 9.94 km2 and a population smaller than 817?
What is the area (in km2) for the community that has a status of village, a census ranking of 2,471 of 5,008, and a population of less than 748?
What is the status for Pointe-Verte, with a population smaller than 1,137?
What is the area (in km2) for the village of Paquetville, with a population over 706?
What is the area (in km2) for the town of lamèque, with a population of less than 4,351?
Who had the high assists in Game 22?
On December 3, where was the game held and how many were in attendance?
Which venue is rank 3?
Which opponent played in 2001/02?
Which season is rank 4?
Which season has rank 2?
Which venue is rank 3?
What conference has 2009 as the season, with super leg final as the format?
What series has a season after 2008, super leg final as the format, and conference v as the conference?
Which series has a season prior to 2009?
What format has conference iii as the conference?
Round 3 with less than 54 for Round 4?
Round 4 for larger than 19 Round 1 and a 27 Round 2?
Round 3 with a round 4 of 50?
How much did the away team b3 score on August 12, 2014?
Which away team played on June 9, 2015 with a home team of f1?
Which Margin has a Winning score of –7 (71-72-67-71=281)?
Which Year has a Runner(s)-up of tammie green?
Which Year has a Winning score of –4 (69-72-70-69=280)?
What work was nominated at Rockferendum 2007 and got 1st place and got the award for best album?
What was the position that the nominated work La Quinta Esencia, which also won an award for best CD coverbox, won?
What was the type that had an award for song of the year and the position of 3rd place?
In what place is Phil Mickelson?
The score of 73-71-70=214 belongs to what country?
Which country has a score of 73-74-69=216?
Which team had Christoph John as an outgoing manager?
In what venue was the Batting team India who featured partners Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid?
In what venue did the fielding team Sri Lanka play?
What was the wicket ranking for the match featuring partners Mohammad Azharuddin and Ajay Jadeja and also a fielding team of Sri Lanka?
What was the wicket ranking for the match that had a fielding team of Sri Lanka?
What date was the game against inverurie loco works when more than 342 attend?
Which Score has a Date of july 20?
Which Score has a Date of may 20?
Which Result has a Score of 69-81?
Which Record has a Date of june 26?
Which Date has a Record of 6-6?
Which Score has a Record of 5-4?
Who had the highest rebounds on December 30?
Who had the highest assists on the l.a. lakers?
What is the Opponent of the game after October 28?
What is the Opponent before October 31 with a Record of 2-3-1 after Game 5?
What opponent had a record of 37-27?
What date was the game played at the Delta Center?
What was the total games played at the Staples Center?
What's the score if the record was 38-30?
Can you tell me the lowest Long that has the Yards 293, and the Returns smaller than 16?
Can you tell me the Player that has the Long larger than 28, and the Yards of 222?
Can you tell me the total number of Yards per return that has the Player of gizmo williams, and the Games smaller than 13?
What was the date of the match against western province?
What was the sum of the numbers listed under against when currie cup "b" section was the opposing team?
Which Rank has a Total larger than 30, and a Bronze of 14?
How much Gold has a Silver smaller than 3, and a Total of 9, and a Bronze smaller than 1?
How much Gold has a Silver smaller than 14, and a Rank larger than 8, and a Bronze of 3?
How much Bronze has a Silver larger than 2, and a Nation of mixed team, and a Rank larger than 4?
What is Attendance, when Date is "26 December 2004"?
What is the average Attendance, when Venue is "A", and when Date is "5 January 2005"?
What is Venue, when Result is "0-0"?
What is Attendance, when Result is "2-4"?
What's the total attendance of games against the New York Giants after week 13?
What's the date of the week 12 game whose attendance was larger than 64,721?
Which week was the November 5, 1978 game which had an attendance larger than 62,989?
What is the lowest rank of the building with 12 floors?
What is the rank of the Riverpark Place Tower 2 with under 62 floors, and a construction date of 2008?
Which player has less than 2 in the 100s category, more than 4 matches, and an average greater than 42.75?
How many matches have a 100s category less than 0?
What is the average number of innings with more than 3 in the 100s category?
What is the largest number of innings with less than 342 runs and more than 4 matches?
What is the average value in the 100s category when the high score is 196?
A Round larger than 1, a College of Oklahoma state, and a average Pick # that has a Position of tight end is what?
A Pick # larger than 339 and the College that has a Round of 14 is what?
Pick # of 331 went to which college?
Pick # of 203 went to which college?
What is the width feet in meeters for the truss with a source of nbi (2009)?
What is the width for hte truss with a source of zacher (1994)?
Which Articulatory class has and Aspirated stop of ㅍ?
Which Non- stop has an Aspirated stop of ㅎ?
If the Non- stop is (ㆁ), what is the Articulatory Class?
Which Aspirated stop has a "Muddy" voice of ㄲ?
If the Plain stop is ㄷ, what is the Non- stop?
If the "Muddy" voice is ᅇ, ㆅ, what is the Articulatory class?
What round was Joe Sims picked?
What was Moe Gardner's pick?
What was the highest round that had northwestern?
Which Total population (2010 census) has an Area (km 2) smaller than 147,307.00?
Which Total population (2005 estimate) has a Total population (2010 census) of 3,626,119?
Which Total population (2005 estimate) has a Province of west kalimantan (kalimantan barat), and an Area (km 2) smaller than 147,307.00?
who is the opponent after march 21 and the game is 75?
what is the game when march is 15?
what is the score when the game is higher than 66 on march 28?
What was the report for an away team of Sydney Spirit and score of 96-87?
Who was the home team with a score of 101-93?
What was the score for the Perth Wildcats as away team?
On what date were the Melbourne Tigers the home team?
Which challenge loser has a Challenge Winner of roseny?
Which episode has a Challenge Winner of berto?
Which winner has a Challenge Loser of alexcy?
Which episode has a 7 Deadly Sin of fire?
Which winner has a Challenge Loser of gisel?
What was the result for the 2007 WCC when Sun Yue was the alternate?
What event has the result of 7th (5-6)?
Who was the lead for the 2008 WCC?
What was the Lead for the 2009 WCC when Wang Bingyu news was the skip?
What event had Wang Bingyu for the skip?
What event was Sun Yue the alternate and wang bingyu(3rd) the skip?
WHAT IS THE SECOND LEG WITH HARO AS TEAM TWO?
WHAT IS THE FIRST LEG OF TUILLA?
Which team has a Game of 49?
What are the High points for Team @ portland?
What are the High assists for Team houston?
What are the High assists for February 2?
What game did the Buffalo Bills' opponents earn more than 28 points?
What was the year that China will have a building completed?
What is the name of the buildings for China?
What are the names for projects that will be completed after 2016?
How high is the Goldin Finance 117 building currently being build in China?
When the record was 19-26-11 and more than 16,839 people attended the game what was the score?
What is the City / State, when Series is ATCC Round 3?
What is Date, when Series is Amscar Round 3?
What is Winner, when Circuit is Mallala Motor Sport Park, and when Series is ASTC Round 6?
What is City / State, when Winner is Mal Rose, and when Date is 20 Jul?
What is City / State, when Circuit is Eastern Creek Raceway, and when Winner is Michael Donaher?
What is Date, when Series is ATCC Round 5?
What is the sum of wins for casey mears when the player ranked 22nd and was in teh top fives 3 times?
What is the total number of top fives in 2010 when casey mears had more than 0 wins?
What is the total number of wins when casey mears ranked 36th and had more than 0 top fives?
What is the total number of top fives when casey mears had more than 1 poles and top tens less than 9?
What's k. j. choi's to par?
Which Player has a Score smaller than 69, and a Place of t1?
Which To par has a Player of emlyn aubrey?
Which Score has a Place of t1, and a Player of scott simpson?
Which To par has a Score larger than 68?
How many games were on December 5?
What day did Phoenix play?
What is Site, when Date is "November 13"?
What is SIte, when Date is "September 13"?
What is Attendance, when Opponent is "At Syracuse"?
What is Site, when Opponent is "All times are in eastern."?
What is Date, when Site is "Louisiana Superdome • New Orleans, LA"?
What is the lowest January, when Game is less than 46, when Score is "5 - 3", and when Record is "15-22-8"?
What is the total number of Game, when Record is "11-17-7"?
What is Opponent, when January is greater than 19, and when Score is "7 - 2"?
What are the notes with a less than 3 rank at Yuvileiny Stadium (sumy)?
Which player has a total of 160?
What country does charles coody play for?
How many division titles does the team with 23 playoff appearances and more than 1 conference titles have?
What is the average number of seasons completed of the team with less than 1 division titles, 0 playoff appearances, and more than 0 finals appearances?
What hame has points larger than 81?
How many round values are associated with Cleveland McCrae?
What team is after 1998 with a start of dnq?
What's the start when the finish is 1?
What's the latest year with a start of 3 and a finish of 40 for the morgan-mcclure team?
How many goals were scored on the goalkeeper with fewer than 37 matches and an average of 1.5?
How many matches did Carlos Kameni play in, who had an average larger than 1.27?
Who is the away team when there are 15 ties?
What is the score when Darlington is the home team?
What is the number of ties when Altrincham is the home team?
What is the largest pick by the Baltimore Colts in a round later than 10?
Which Country has a Label of Toshiba-emi and a Catalog of vjcp-68403?
Which Label has a Catalog of 7243 8 49494 2 6?
Which Catalog has a Country of Japan?
Which Label has a Format of cd, a Country of Japan and a Catalog of vjcp-68403?
How many rounds were played in the matching resulting in a Points For score of 343?
What is the height in Rouen?
What is the church made from in Hamburg?
What Player's Score is 72-70-66=208?
What is the To par of the T8 Place Player with a Score of 72-70-66=208?
What is Kirk Triplett's Place?
What is the pick for the Maryland-Eastern Shore team with a round lower than 2?
Which position at UCLA has a lower than 92 pick number?
How many rounds have a position of C?
Which team has fewer than 4 rounds for Jan Van Breda Kolff?
Which player has fewer than 2 rounds?
What is the pick for Mickey Johnson with fewer than 4 rounds?
Which All Games have a Nonconference Games of 1–10?
How many Nonconference Games % have a Team of maryland?
Which All Games have a Nonconference Games % smaller than 0.75, and a Ranked AP Nonconference of 3–7?
Who had a score of 68-67=135?
What is the to par for the player who scored 73-68=141?
Who scored 69-71=140?
What was the to par of the player of who scored 70-70=140?
What name was proposed on 12/30/1982 in rockingham county with a CERCLIS ID of nhd062004569?
What name completed construction on 09/19/2008?
When was the site listed 03/31/1989 in rockingham county proposed?
What CERCLIS ID was listed 10/14/1992?
What name was proposed on 09/08/1983 in hillsborough county?
What county is CERCLIS ID nhd062004569 in?
What is the total number for the week with a record of 0-11?
What is the opponent with an opponents' points of 35?
What is the total number for the week that has lions' points of 27, and an opponents' points of 24?
What is the attendance for the date of 11/11/01?
what is the average enrollment when the team nickname is wolverines and founded is after 1817?
what is the institution when the location is big rapids, michigan?
what is the least enrollment when founded after 1809 and the institution is university of michigan?
what is the institution when the team nickname is lakers?
Which Political Party has a Name of mehdi bej frashëri (2nd time)?
Which Political Party has a Name of ibrahim bej biçakçiu?
Which Name has a Term end of 18 july 1944?
Which Born-Died has a Term start of 4 november 1943?
Which Political Party has a Name of rexhep bej mitrovica?
Which Term end has a Political Party of balli kombëtar, and a Born-Died of 1905–1972?
/What is Tie No, when Date is 18 February 1956, and when Away Team is Tottenham Hotspur?
What is Tie No, when Date is 18 February 1956, and when Home Team is Charlton Athletic?
What is Score, when Tie No is Replay, and when Home Team is Sunderland?
What is Home Team, when Date is 18 February 1956, and when Away Team is Blackburn Rovers?
What is Home Team, when Date is 18 February 1956, and when Tie No is 3?
What is Home Team, when Tie No is 4?
What ws the method of resolution for the fight against joe kielur?
What event did Soa Palelei fight against son hai suk?
WHich Venue is in 1994?
WHICH Venue IS after  1992 with a Score of 1 – 0 and a Winners of us chaouia?
Which tournament has a clay surface and partner henri leconte in 1983?
What is the outcome of the tournament with partner ilie năstase?
What is the fewest goals against for teams with more than 27 losses?
What is the total number of positions for teams with more than 7 draws and under 40 played?
What is the fewest losses for teams with points of 53 and more than 73 goals for?
What is the fewest draws for teams with a 0 goal difference and under 55 goals against?
What is the maximum rank that has greater than 662 1995-96, and Adelaide, South Australia as a location?
With a 1985-86 of 407 what is the airport?
What is the sum of 2010-11 when the rank is greater than 11?
Which Away has a Date of 14 september 2008, and an Attendance larger than 1881?
What was victoria's away date?
Which Away has a Score of 1:2, and a Home of vida?
Which Attendance has an Away of real juventud?
What was the lowest attendance in round r1 at H venue?
what is the highest pumpers when cars is 5?
what is the highest tankers when pumpers is more than 2?
What is the skip with a second of Philippe Caux?
What is the Lead in the 2004-05 Season?
What is the Third in the 1993-94 season where Philippe Caux was a lead?
What is the skip when Tony Angiboust was a lead?
What is the sum of against scores when there are 3 losses and less than 6 games played?
What is the highest amount of games played in the 2003-04 season?
What was the sample size for the poll from Nov 9-11, 2007 with a margin of error less than 4.3?
What was the sample size for the poll featuring Republican Ron Paul?
When Tom Purtzer of the United States played what is the maximum score?
Ben Crenshaw has what To par?
What was the score to par after two rounds for Nick Price?
What place was the player from Italy in ?
What is the common name for the creature with darker colors?
What is the length of the Panther Chameleon?
What is the color of the Chamaeleo Calyptratus?
What was the TO par for the player who scored 70-68-74-70=282?
What is Opponents In The Final, when Partner is "Jiří Novák"?
What is Outcome, when Tournament is "Milan , Italy"?
What is Opponents In The Final, when Surface is "Carpet", and when Tournament is "Milan , Italy"?
What is the total number of Date, when Partner is "Carl-Uwe Steeb"?
Which team picked a player(s) from South Carolina?
What college did Keith Shologan play for?
What position does a Keith Shologan, who was picked higher than 6, play?
What year before 1980 has is the highest Inflation Index (2000=100)?
Which frequency has voltage of 1.6v and part number kp80524kx300256kc80524kx300256pmg30002002aa?
Which model number has socket μpga2 bga2 mmc-2?
What is the L2 cache for the Mobile Pentium 333?
How many totals have golds of 3, silvers of 3, and bronzes under 3?
Which nation has a rank of 7?
What is the average bronze with silvers of 1 and totals over 2?
How many golds does Germany have?
What is the total number of bronzes with totals under 4 and ranks of 10?
What is the lowest Points, when Class is 50cc, when Year is 1965, and when Wins is less than 0?
What is the total number of Year, when Wins is less than 0?
What is the sum of Points, when Year is after 1959, and when Class is 250cc?
What is the total number of Wins, when Points is less than 1?
What is the sum of Wins, when Year is 1959?
What is the fewest games played for teams with 73 goals for and more than 69 goals against?
What is the highest number of goals for for teams with 25 losses?
What is the most losses for positions under 15 and 66 goals against?
What is the average goals against for teams with more than 56 goals for and exactly 50 points?
Which Leader has Spoilt Votes as % of Seats?
What is the %FPv for the Workers' Party?
What is the First Pref Votes for the % FPv of 0.06?
What is the First Pref Votes where the Leader is n/a and the Party is Independent?
What is the number of Seats for Leader Enda kenny?
What is Date to [H], when Position [F] is "Defender", when Goals is less than 3, when Appearances is greater than 113, and when Date From [G] is "1997"?
What is Club Source [I ], when Name is "Andrew McCombie Category:Articles With hCards"?
What is Name, when Goals is "80", and when Club Source [I ] is "71 [ dead link ]"?
What is Appearances, when Postion [F ] is "Defender", and when Date to [H ] is "1938"?
WHAT IS AVERAGE SCORE WITH T3 PLACE, FOR DOUG SANDERS?
How much is the money ($) when the country is united states, to par is e and the score is 72-75-70-71=288?
what is the to par when the player is roger maltbie?
How much is the money ($) when the score is 67-71-72-72=282?
what is the to par when the place is 8?
WHAT IS THE SCORE OF THE GAME LARGER THAN 47, AT THE ROSE GARDEN 20,250 IN ATTENDANCE?
What tournament was on May 31, 1987?
What tournament was on May 31, 1987?
What tournament had a winning score of –9 (69-71-67=207)?
Who was the runner(s)-up when the winning score was –13 (75-68-68=211)?
What tournament had a 1 point margin of victory?
What tournament was Laura Davies the runner-up?
What is the Location of the match against Bob Stines?
What is the venue of the game that was played on 23 October 1966?
Where was the friendly competition on 17 December 1967 played at?
What 2009 has statistics by surface in 2012?
What 2001 has a ATP World Tour Masters 1000 2007?
What 2010 has an A 2006 & 2011?
What 2009 has a 0 in 2008 & 2010?
What was the finishing position of Hale Irwin, of the United states?
Where did the player who won in 1965 finish?
Where did Jerry Pate finish?
What was the average total for the player from the United States, who won in 1978?
What team was the opponent for the game played on September 19, 1999?
What week was the bye week?
What team was the opponent for the game played on December 19, 1999?
What is the result from the game played on week 7?
What is the lowest number of seats of the 1992 election?
How many seats had a 41.2% share of votes?
What is the share of votes with 3,567,021 NDC votes?
What was the total when the set 3 score was 25–27?
On what date was the total 60–77?
What is the score for set 1 with a total of 117–109?
What team operates car 11?
What was the time/retired of Darren Manning?
How many points did car 20 score?
What is the car number for Jeff Simmons on the Rahal Letterman team?
How many points were scored by a car that led for 0 laps and started in grid 10?
What is Name, when Length Meters is greater than 66.4, and when Km From Kingston is 138.8?
What is the total number of Length Feet, when Parish is Clarendon, when Km From Kingston is 71.2, and when Length Meters is less than 21.3?
What is the highest Km From Kingston, when Mi From Kingston is less than 108, and when Length Meters is 260.6?
What is Lenth Feet, when Mi From Kingston is greater than 84.5, when Length Meters is greater than 55.5, and when Name is Unnamed?
Which Place has a Player of lee trevino?
Name Country which has a Place of t7, and a Score of 73-69-73=215?
Which week held a tournament in Rome?
What is the result of the fight when record is 12-2?
How many rounds was the fight at UFC 34?
What is the location of the fight against Zaza Tkeshelashvili?
what is the average year when the title is baka to test to shōkanjū?
what is the title when the imprint is dengeki bunko and the artist is kiyotaka haimura?
what is the imprint when the title is owari no chronicle (ahead series)?
what is the earliest year when the author is reki kawahara?
who is the character when the artist is take and the year is before 2006?
Which language has 3 draws?
What is the away team score for the match at 6:00 PM and an away team of Hawthorn?
What is the Tenure of the Officer with a Date of death of 2001-08-31?
What is Detective Donald William Schneider's Cause of death?
What is Gary David Saunders' Tenure?
What is gunfire victim Maria Cecilia Rosa with 6 years of Tenure Date of Death?
What is Lijsttrekker, when Year is after 1990, and when Chair is "Ingrid Van Engelshoven"?
What is Fractievoorzitter, when Lijsttrekker is "No Elections", and when Year is after 2005?
What is Cabinet, when Year is after 1981, when Fractievoorzitter is "Hans Van Mierlo", and when Chair is "W.I.J.M. Vrijhoef"?
What is Lijsttrekker, when Cabinet is "Hans Van Mierlo", and when Fractievoorzitter is "Thom De Graaf"?
What is Cabinet, when Year is before 2001, when Lijsttrekker is "No Elections", when Fractievoorzitter is "Hans Van Mierlo", and when Chair is "S. Van Der Loo"?
Which territory has a channel of 144 and a broadcaster of Astro?
What is the tennis status for youngstown state?
Which school has yes for soccer, tennis and indoor track.
What is the basketball status for Valparaiso who has an indoor track status of yes?
What is the indoor track status for the school that has yes for tennis and no for golf?
What is th eswimming status for the school that has yes on indoor track, soccer and tennis?
What is the status for tennis at cleveland state who has yes for swimming, golf and soccer?
What event did Soares fight against josh spearman?
What round was the fight won or loss by a decision?
Where was the fight that lasted 3 rounds and was won or loss by a decision?
what is the lowest top 5 when the year is after 1995, team(s) is #15 billy ballew motorsports, and starts is more than 4?
What was the method in the fight against Chris Myers?
What is the record in TKO 20: Champion Vs Champion?
How many rounds in the fight in Quebec, Canada against David Loiseau?
Which event has a method of TKO (punches)?
Who is the opponent when the method is technical submission (guillotine choke)?
What was the school/club after round 12, and picked smaller than 342?
What is the average pick for Florida State?
What is the total number for the pick of the player Wayne Fowler and a round after 7?
Which college had an overall smaller than 315 in round 17?
Which college with a position of rb had a pick larger than 6 in round 28?
With an overall record of MU, 15-8 what is the at neutral site?
For what current streak is KU, 8-2 under last 10 meetings?
What is the record for the last 10 meetings when the overall record is *as of March 14, 2013?
With an overall record of KSU, 118-117 what is the last 5 meetings?
What is the at opponent's venue record where the current streak is W 4?
What is the record at Columbia when KU, 4-1 is the record for the last 5 minutes?
What was the streak at the game at the Miami Orange Bowl?
Who was the opposing team at Schaefer Stadium later in the season than week 7?
What was the result in week 14?
What team was the opponent when the round was sf?
What is the number of people in attendance when venue shows A, and Di Matteo, M. Hughes were the scorers?
What is the highest rank that has 5 silvers, less than 5 golds, and less than 7 total medals?
What is the least amount of silvers for a team with less than 4 golds and less than 5 total medals?
Who was the opponent for the 2003 davis cup europe/africa group ii?
What is the round when the match was against sergis kyratzis?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST 2012 ENROLLMENT FOR école mathieu-martin, AFTER 1972?
WHAT IS THE ENROLLMENT FOR école saint-therèse AFTER 1954?
What was Fuzzy Zoeller's score in the United States?
Where is Miller Barber from?
What was Craig Stadler's score?
What is the to par for Leonard Thompson from the United States with a place of T6?
what position did the player play who had a number of 15 who played in 1987?
What years did the player from illinois play?
What was the attendance for the week 1 game?
Who was the opponent in the 1 round fight in the Ultimate Fighter 2 Finale?
Who is the opponent in the fight of 1 round when the record is 18-7?
What is the record at the UW: Ultimate Fight Minnesota?
What is the record in the 2 round fight that ended by submission (injury)?
Who is the opponent at the IFA: Clash of the Champions?
What is the record that resulted in a loss at the RSF: Shooto Challenge 2?
What is the B (max) average when the C (max) is greater than 156, the taper is 1:19.231, and the D (max) is less than 34.9?
With a Morse Taper number less than 3 and a C (max) of 59.5 what is the total of D (max)?
What's the total of the Morse Taper number when the D (max) is 20 and the B (max) greater than 94?
What total D (max) has a taper of 1:20.047, and a C (max) bigger than 65.5?
What is the minimum D (max) when the Morse Taper number is less than 0?
What is the average React, when Mark is less than 7.93?
What is the lowest React, when Name is "Candice Davis", and when Lane is less than 3?
What is the total number of Lane, when Mark is "7.93", and when React is less than 0.145?
What is the average React, when Name is "Candice Davis", and when Lane is less than 3?
What is the total number of Mark, when Country is "Russia", and when React is less than 0.165?
What is Round, when Method is "submission (reverse armbar)"?
What is the total number of Round(s), when Time is "n/a", and when Location is "Canton, Ohio, USA"?
What is Location, when Opponent is "Jonathan Goulet"?
What is Record, when Method is "submission (triangle choke)", and when Time is 0:48?
When was the premiere of the show that had a rank of #7?
When was the finale played when the show premiered on September 24, 2002?
What is the minimum number of views that watched the show when there was more than 22 episodes and the finale was on May 23, 1995?
Which title was created in 2001 by Mellow?
Which artist has a serial number of ATM24016?
What is the latest date that has a serial number of Infec 107CDSX?
Which artist has a serial number of BOONCD1?
What is the highest Game, when Streak is "Win 1", and when Date is "February 18"?
Which Away team has a Home team of walsall?
Which Date has a Score of 2–2, and an Away team of aylesbury united?
Which Score has a Tie no of 33?
Which Home team has a Tie no of replay, a Date of 19 november 1985, and an Away team of tranmere rovers?
Which Score has a Home team of windsor & eton?
Which Date has a Home team of rochdale?
In the game that has a score of 71-71-70-73=285 what is the to par?
What is score of the game that was at a paace of t4, and had the player Butch Baird?
Which country has the player Johnny Miller?
Which player has a score of 70-68-69-73=280 and a place of t4?
What is the highest Played, when Average is less than 0.903, when 1992-93 is 25, and when 1994-1995 is greater than 38?
What is the lowest 1994-1995, when Points is 145, and when Played is less than 114?
What is the sum of Points, when Played is less than 114, when Team is Gimnasia De Jujuy, and when 1994-1995 is less than 32?
What date that was the league position was 1st, and the result F– A was 5 – 0?
What date was the opponent Nottingham Forest, and the H/A was A?
What date was Notts County the opponent and the league position was 1st?
What was the poll source that showed Democrat: John Lynch at 62% and had a lead margin of less than 33?
What is the mark for the runner in lanes under 2 and heats under 5?
Who is in heat 5 from Guyana?
How many lanes was Khadevis Robinson in for heats over 2?
Which ICB Sector had a ticker symbol of pp?
Which ICB Sector belongs to vallourec?
Which Week is the highest one that has a Result of w 23-20, and an Attendance smaller than 34,127?
What was the average attendance on october 3, 1976?
How many weeks have a Date of december 4, 1976, and an Attendance larger than 57,366?
What was the total number of aircrafts in 2011 for sydney airport that was ranked number 1?
What was the lowest rank for the airport in perth, western australia that had more than 124,640 aircraft movements in 2010 and more than 265,802 aircrafts in 2011?
What is the sum of the ranks for the Gold Coast Airport which had less than 118,354 aircraft movements in 2010?
What is the result for November 25, 2001?
What is the result for week 12 against the Green Bay Packers?
What was the attendance like for week 8?
What was the passenger fare for Lansing, when the passenger fare for Kalamazoo was $599.39?
For how many years did Detroit have a passenger fare of $307.29?
What was the passenger fare for Grand Rapids, when the passenger fare for Detroit was $378.55?
Before the year 2010, and when Kalamazoo had a passenger fare of $517.32, what was the passenger fare for Detroit?
Which Club has a League goals of 21?
Which Club has a League Cup goals of 0, and a League goals of 11, and a Scorer of joe laidlaw?
Which FA Cup goals have a League goals of 18, and a Club of sheffield united?
Which League Cup goals have a Scorer of ken houghton, and an FA Cup goals smaller than 0?
Who was the home team when the away team was Bristol Rovers?
What was the home team when the away team was Frickley Athletic?
When did Reading play at home?
What was the association for Indonesian Idol after 2005 with a Nominated Result?
What was the earliest year that Indonesian Idol won?
Who was the association that Daniel Mananta belonged to after 2011?
What was the result in a year before 2013 that the nomination category was Presenter Talent Show?
What competition had a score of 8-1?
Who was the away team for the game with a score of 139-119?
Which date had a venue of the Gold Coast Convention Centre?
Which date had a venue of the State Sports Centre?
What is the smallest shot % with ends won larger than 29 and ends lost smaller than 26?
How many ends lost when skip is Kevin Koe and stolen ends are more than 6?
How many ends lost when shot % is 88 and ends won are 31?
How many ends lost for Alberta when stolen ends are greater than 7?
What is the Winner of the Event in Punta del Este?
What is the Date of the Event in Panama City?
What is the Winner of the Event in Panama City?
What is the Winner of the Event on September 26-30, 2012?
What is the lowest Laps, when Rider is Sylvain Guintoli, and when Grid is less than 16?
What is the lowest Grid, when Laps is 21, when Manufacturer is Yamaha, and when Time is +18.802?
What is Rider, when Grid is less than 16, when Laps is 21, when Manufacturer is Honda, and when Time is +10.583?
What is the average Grid, when Rider is Shinya Nakano, and when Laps is less than 21?
who is the miss earth venezuela when the 2nd runner-up is maría escalante?
who is the 2nd runner-up when the year is before 2008 and the 3rd runner-up is mariannys caraballo?
who is the 1st runner-up when the miss earth Venezuela is maría daniela torrealba?
who is the 4th runner-up when the 2nd runner-up is osmariel villalobos?
who is the 2nd runner-up when the 3rd runner-up is mariannys caraballo?
Which Semi finalists had a Week of may 15?
Which Finalist has a Semi finalists of monica seles conchita martínez?
Which Tournament has a Semi finalists of monica seles sandrine testud?
Which Surface has a Semi finalists of conchita martínez arantxa sánchez?
Which Tournament has a Semi finalists of mary pierce elena dementieva?
Which Tournament has a Semi finalists of martina hingis joannette kruger?
What is Winner, when Prize is "£50,000", and when Runner-Up is "Korosh Nejad"?
What is Season, when Prize is "$100,000"?
What is Prize, when Winner is "John Shaw"?
What is 3rd Place, when Runner-Up is "Simon Ehne", and when Prize is $100,000?
What is Prize, when Runner-Up is "Simon Ehne", and when Winner is "David Tighe"?
What is Prize, when Season is "2"?
What is Name (Birth-Death), when Left Office is 7 October 1958?
What is Left Office, when Political Party is Ba'ath Party ( Syria Region ), and when Took Office is 7 March 1958?
What is the date for game 4?
Who is the home team in game 2?
What is the result for game 5?
What is the value in 1990 when it is A in 1989, 1985, and 1993?
What is the value in 1988 when it is 2R in 1997 and SF in 1993?
What is the value in 1987 when it is A in 1999, 1989, and 1997?
What was the result of the los angeles rams game?
what was the result in week 10?
What is the location of the opponent Siarhei Navarka?
Which location has the promotor Frank Moloney, and the opponent Gennadiy Rasalev?
Which date has the promoter Frank Moloney and the opponent Georgi Iliev?
What is Quantity made, when Wheel Arrangement is "2-6-0", and when Class is "D-3"?
What is Fleet Number(s), when Wheel Arrangement is "2-6-0", and when Class is "Z"?
What is Fleet Number(s), when Quantity Preserved is "0", when Quantity Made is 1, and when Class is "Z"?
Which Year(s) won has a To par of +8?
How many totals does gene littler have?
Which Total is the lowest one that has a Country of united states, and a To par of +12?
What year or years did arnold palmer win?
what is the winning % for the years 2006-11?
how many times is the seasons 2 and the coach guy lowman?
what is the record for years 2006-11?
What is the Result of the AFG Arena, St. Gallen Competition with a Score of 1–0?
Who won the Metas Volantes Classification in the stage in which Damiano Cunego won the points classification?
Who led the metas volantes classification for stage 4?
Who was the winner in the stage that Damiano Cunego led the points classification?
What was the attendance when they played at Dallas Cowboys?
What was the attendance at the game before week 8, held on October 25, 1981?
What was the date of the game played after week 15?
Which player had a position of OT during round 27?
Which Doctor Who episode has a Episode # of 11?
Which Doctor Who episode has a Original airdate (UK) of dvd only?
Which Original airdate (UK) has a Doctor Who episode of " the doctor dances "?
Which Episode title has a Doctor Who episode of episodes 1–12?
Which Episode title has a Episode # of s2?
Which Doctor Who episode has an Original airdate (UK) of 14 may 2005?
Which result has a Location of canada, and a Record of 3-3?
Which event has a Round larger than 2?
WHAT IS THE RANGE WITH ISOLATION SMALLER THAN 2.35, RANK LARGER THAN 38, ELEVATION GREATER THAN 6,080, AND NAMED PLOTT BALSAM?
WHAT IS THE ELEVATION OF THE UNAKA MOUNTAINS, IN ROAN HIGH BLUFF PEAK, AND ISOLATION LARGER THAN 1.54?
With a silver greater than 0, gold of 9 and a bronze less than 9, what is the lowest total listed?
What was the Attendance on Week 8?
What is the Attendance after Week 8 with a Result of W 42–0?
what is the average bronze when gold is more than 0, the nation is greece and silver is less than 0?
what is the rank when bronze is less than 1 and silver is less than 1?
Which country had a round of Q3?
Which Country has a To par of e?
Which Finish has a To par of –1, and a Year(s) won of 1955?
Which To par has a Finish of t3, and a Player of julius boros?
Which Player has a To par of –1, and a Year(s) won of 1952?
Which To par has a Total larger than 283, and a Finish of t12?
What is Role, when Status is "2001 - 2003, 2005 - 2009"?
What is Actor, when Role is "Kate Manfredi"?
What is Number Of Episodes, when Actor is "Jessica Napier"
What is Actor, when Number Of Episodes is "117 Episodes"?
What is Number Of Episodes, when Status is "2001 - 2003, 2005 - 2009"?
What is Number Of Episodes, when Notes is "Moved to run a farm with boyfriend Jake."?
What is the name of the home captain when the result was Aus by 32 runs?
What is the name of the away captain when Hugh Trumble was the home captain and the result was Aus by 32 runs?
What is the name of the home captain when the result was Aus by 229 runs?
What is the name of the away captain when the game was at Adelaide Oval?
What was the winning score when the runner-up was Beth Daniel and the margin of victory was 7 strokes?
What was the winning score for oldsmobile lpga classic?
What was the winning score on Jan 22, 1995 when the margin of victory was 1 stroke?
What was the winning score when the margin of victory was a playoff for the Tournament of safeco classic?
What was the winning score on Aug 28, 1983?
What was the margin of victory when the runner-up was Janet Coles?
What studio is director David Fincher from?
What studio is director Reginald Hudlin from?
What director has a worldwide gross of $149,022,650 and is ranked greater than 7?
What were the co-drivers in 2008?
What is the class of 2009?
Who were the co-drivers with more than 310 laps and team aston martin racing bms?
What is Place, when Player is "Arnold Palmer"?
What is Player, when Place is "T5", and when Score is "69-72=141"?
What is Score, when Place is "T5", and when Player is "George Archer"?
What is Country, when Score is "73-68=141"?
What is the highest number of laps with an accident time and a suzuki gsx-r1000 bike?
What is the number of laps of the grid larger than 22 with a +1:29.001 time?
What bike has an accident time, less than 9 laps, and a 5 grid?
What is the sum of the laps with a grid less than 28, retirement time, and a ducati 1098 f08 bikes?
What is the maximum 2002 figure when 2008 is 19.5, 2006 is less than 24.5 and 1999 is 18.3?
What is the 2002 average when 2003 is less than 13.2, 2006 is more than 12.1, 2011 is more than 13.5 and 2001 is 11.5?
What is the maximum in 2004 when 2009 is higher than 26.1?
What is the 2010 figure for the district of Columbia where the 2004 figure is more than 12.3?
What is GPU Frequency, when Frequency is 1.67 GHz, and when sSpec Number is SLBX9(A0)?
What is I/O Bus, when Frequency is 1.67 GHz, and when sSpec Number is SLBMG(A0)?
What is GPU Frequency, when Model Number is Atom N435?
What is Frequency, when Part Number(s) is au80610006240aa?
What is Socket, when Part Number(s) is au80610003495aa?
What is sSpec Number, when Model Number is Atom N475?
For the movie directed by Martin Campbell at Columbia pictures with a ranking larger than 8, what is its worldwide gross?
In what studio was the film grossing $457,640,427 made?
What is the ranking of the movie made at Walt Disney Pictures?
What is the event name when the method is submission (brabo choke)?
What is the result of the UFC 87?
What is the result when the method was decision (unanimous), and Chris Wilson was the opponent?
What is the event when the method was submission (armbar), and Jeff Gibson was the opponent?
What is the record when Clayton Mckinney was the opponent?
What is the event when the method was tko (punches), and the record was 7-1?
When was the Jamaica Classic Tournament?
Who was the visitor on April 2?
What was the maximum attendance when Chicago is the visiting team?
Which High points have a Score of w 110-81?
Which Score has High assists of rodriguez (8)?
What was the score on october 23?
Which High assists have a Record of 4-2?
How many weeks on top was the single from Savage Garden?
Who was the artist that issued the single on 19 January?
Volume:Issue 67:3-11 had how many weeks on top?
Who was the artist of the single that spent 9 ¶ weeks on top?
What is the name of the artist that issued the single on 23 February?
For what tournament was Blaž Kavčič the opponent in the final?
The tournament in Belgrade had what as a score?
On June 26, 2006 the game was played on what surface?
When was the Prijedor tournament?
What is Lowest Rank, when Location is Rio De Janeiro, Brazil, and when Current Seating Capacity is less than 78,838?
What is the highest Rank, when Location is Kinshasa, DR Congo, and when Current Seating Capacity is less than 80,000?
What is the lowest Rank, when the Current Seating Capacity is 137,000?
What is Highest Attendance, when Rank is 90, and when Venue Name is Infineon Raceway?
How much tonnage was damaged?
Which Nationality has a Fate of sunk, and a Name of alderamin?
Which Name has a Tonnage (GRT) larger than 4,071, and a Nationality of united kingdom, and a Fate of damaged?
Which Tonnage (GRT) has a Nationality of united kingdom, and a Name of king gruffydd?
What is the height of the player that weighs 240?
What is the total combined weight of players from minnetonka, mn?
Which round lasted 2:32?
Where was the fight that lasted 5:00 when Yundt's record was 8-4?
What was the record when Vancouver was the visitor?
What score had a record of 17–18–6?
What is the Place of the Player with a To par of +1 and Score of 74-70-69-72=285?
What Country is Gene Littler from?
What is the Country of the Player with a To par of +1?
What is the Country of the Player with a Score of 70-72-70-73=285 and Money ( $ ) of 5,500?
What was Andrew Neill's rank?
When the score is 71 and the player is from United States what is the place?
When Jim Thorpe of United States has a score of 71, what is the place?
On what date was the Opponent Chicago Bears?
In what Week was the Result W 27-24?
On what Date prior to Week 14 was the Record 7-1?
What was the Attendance of the game against the Los Angeles Raiders?
What was the Opponent in the game with a Result of W 23-7?
Who were the opponents when the score was 2–6, 3–6?
Who's the partner that played against Alicia Molik Mara Santangelo on clay?
What was the score of the French Open?
Who was the partner where the score was 2–6, 3–6 and happened after 2007?
Who was the partner that played against Serena Williams Venus Williams?
Who was the outgoing manager that was replaced by Thomas Von Heesen?
What was the date of vacancy of svetozar šapurić who departed with mutual consent?
What was the date of appointment for Christos Kassianos who belonged to AEK?
What is the type when the source is Realmadrid, and the name is Soldado?
Who was the opponent with the 20-12 record?
What date was game 37?
What is the average number of games with a record of 20-12?
What is the score for game 38?
What is the sum of complement commander Valkenburg received?
Which commander received complement larger than 240 , guns of 66 and ship of revolutie?
What is the rank of American Pie 2?
What is Location, when Game is 42?
What is Date, when Opponent is @ Carolina Hurricanes?
What is the average Attendance, when Opponent is @ Philadelphia Flyers, and when Game is less than 42?
What is the lowest Game, when Location is Philips Arena, and when Attendance is less than 15,619?
what is the highest matrix when the recording date is 1926/03?
what is the accompaniment when the title is stormy seas blues?
what is the recording date when the title is screech owl blues?
What's the blood type of the member from the vision factory agency?
What generation is the member born on 1996.04.17 in?
What generation is the member born on 1992.12.23 in?
What's the birthplace of the third (2009) generation member from the lespros entertainment agency?
What's the agency of the member born on 1998.11.09?
Can you tell me the Location Attendance that has the High assists of luke ridnour (10), and the Date of december 3?
Can you tell me Location Attendance that has the High points of andrew bogut (17)?
How many sprint points have 0 extra laps for rank 19?
How many sprint points contribute to 2 total points?
Who is at rank 13 with 23 total points?
What is the number of extra laps for 9 total points?
Who is the player with a t10 place, from the United States, and has a score of 69-70-76=215?
What place is the player from the United States with a to par of e?
Who is the player with a score of 69-70-76=215?
What is the place of plyaer Tim Herron from the United States with a to par of +1?
What is the to par of player Tim Herron from the United States with a t3 place?
which is the lowest favorable on 1954 June and more unfavorable than 45?
What is the most unfavorable that is favorable of 34 during 1953 August and has a no opinion score larger than 24?
What is the average no opinion score during 1954 November that is more favorable than 35?
What was the score for the game on December 20?
Who was the home team on November 22?
What is the title of Buena Vista Pictures?
What studio has directors John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton?
Who has the title and rank 14, and a worldwide gross of $202,292,902?
WHAT IS THE DATE WITH AN AWAY TEAM OF BURTON ALBION?
WHAT IS THE DATE WITH AN AWAY TEAM OF WORKINGTON?
WHAT IS THE HOME TEAM WITH A TIE OF 14?
What's the average round for the OT position from tulane college with an overall over 38?
Who was the away team that scored 12.10 (82)?
What did the away team score when the crowd was larger than 6,872?
Who are the Semifinalists, when the Week is May 12?
Who is the Finalist, when the Surface is Clay, and when the Semifinalist is Yevgeny Kafelnikov Juan Carlos Ferrero (2)?
What is the Surface, when the Finalist is Andrei Pavel?
Who is the Winner, when the Surface is Carpet (i)?
What is the Week, when the Finalist is Carlos Moyá (5)?
What is the Tournament, on the Week of May 5?
what is the silver when the nation is japan and the total is less than 1?
what is the bronze when silver is 1, gold is 0 the rank is 11 and the total is more than 1?
what is the rank when silver is 0, bronze is more than 1 and the total is more than 3?
what is the silver for mexico?
What was the score of the game on February 8?
What was the points when the 5000 m was 7?
Which athlete had a score of 236.023?
Which athlete had 17 points and a 1500 m of 3?
What Texas has Johnson from Nort Dakota?
What is the oklahoma has Bush from Nebraska in year 2004?
Which Nebraska has 2004 year?
What  South Dakota has Bush of Oklahoma?
What is the Place of the Player with a Score of 70-75-70-74=289?
What is the To par of the Player with a Score of 71-74-72-72=289?
What Country is Player Leland Gibson with Money of 400 from?
What is the Country of the Player with a Score of 73-70-71-71=285?
What is T3 Place Player Bobby Locke's Score?
How many points were scored in the Detroit Home?
Who is the visitor from the game with 7,000 in attendance on January 1?
What is the record from the 2,500 in attendance?
How many Silver medals for the Nation of Turkey with a Total of less than 2?
How many Gold for the Nation in Rank 15 with 0 Silver?
WHAT IS THE TOTAL NUMBER WITH A WARD SMALLER THAN 0?
WHAT IS TOTAL NUMBER OF PR TOP-UPS THAT HAVE A PERCENTAGE OF 0.8%, TOTAL LARGER THAN 1?
WHAT IS THE TOTAL WITH WARD LARGER THAN 60?
What is the total number of poles and 63 points?
What is the most recent year with a mk.v type?
What is the Mainly For with a displacement of 997 cc in a year before 1962?
What type is the 105/107e Block from a year prior to 1960?
What is the sum of March, when Score is "2 - 2", and when Game is greater than 67?
What is the sum of Game, when Opponent is "Cleveland Barons", and when March is less than 8?
What is the lowest Game, when Opponent is "Boston Bruins"?
For the game ending in a final result of 99-90, who was the Road Team?
What was the result of the game played on May 5?
On what day was Game 7 of this season played?
What game number was played on April 23, with Boston as the road team?
What was the result of Game 3 of this searson?
Who was the Road Team for the game ending with a score of 118-112?
what is the 2008 when 2007 is A, 2011 is A and tournament is san jose?
what is 2010 when 2011 is 2r and 2008 is 2r?
what is 2007 when 2011 is not held and 2012 is not held?
what is the tournament when 2011 is a, 2009 is lq and 2012 is 1r?
what is 2008 when 2007 is a, 2011 is a, 2010 is a and tournament is china?
What is the number of weeks where the result was listed at bye?
What is the total capacity for coach Trevor Gleeson?
What is home ground for coach Andrej Lemanis?
Which region is Coach Trevor Gleeson in?
What is the home ground in region NZL?
What song was composed by V. Selvaganesh later than 2010?
What year was the composition by Mejo Joseph?
What is the highest Pick, when Nationality is "United States", when College is "New Mexico State", and when Round is greater than 6?
What is Player, when Pick is less than 161, and when College is "Auburn University"?
What is Player, when Round is less than 6, and when Pick is "69"?
What is the sum of Round, when College is "Norfolk State"?
What country does david gilford play for?
Which player plays for australia?
What's the sum of all phil mickelson's game scores?
In what round was Clyde the opponent?
Who was the opponent in the round of R2?
What Tournament had a Winning score of –6 (73-68-72-69=282)?
What Tournament had a Victory of 1 Stroke with a Winning score of –16 (67-66-70-69=272)?
What is the average opened year of the line with 59 stations served and more than 145,000,000 journeys made per annum?
What is the average opened year of line e, which had their last extension before 2003?
What is Round, when Rank is less than 117?
What is Average Year, when Round is R128 (First Round)?
What is Championship, when Year is greater than 2002, and when Surface is Hard?
What is the average position for a driver with less than 54 points and husaberg-bsu as equipment?
How many wins does the driver with 217 points have?
what is the team when the driver is viktor jensen?
what is the team when the rounds is all engine is mercedes hwa and driver is sam abay?
what is the class when the chassis is dallara f308, rounds is all and the driver is sam abay?
What is the 2001-02 of the Yago 2012-13?
What is the 2006-07 of the 2012-13 pavlis?
What is the 2003-04 of the 1998-99 of IlIev Wreh?
What is the 1998-99 if the Kafes from 2010-11?
What is the 2005-06 that has Rivaldo for 2007-08?
What is Run 4, when Run 2 is 1:29.00?
What is Team, when Run 3 is 1:24.00?
What is Run 1, when Team is "Italy (ITA) Italy I"?
What is Athletes, when Run 2 is 1:24.77?
What is Run 4, when Run 2 is 1:25.84?
What is Run 1, when Athletes is "Theo Kitt & Friedrich Kuhn"?
What is Date, when Attendance is less than 521?
What is Away, when Home is "marathon"?
What is Score, when Home is "marathon"?
What is the total number of Attendance(s), when Away is Real Juventud?
What is Record, when H/A/N is "A", and when Date is "February 1"?
What is Date, when Opponent is "Philadelphia 76ers"?
What is Opponent, when Record is 17-44?
What is Date, when H/A/N is "H", and when Score is 112-118?
What is H/A/N, when Record is 20-48?
What is Record, when Score is 104-99?
What is the date with home team of Stockport County?
What is the score on 17 November 1956 when home team is Derby County?
What is the score when the tie number is 4?
What is the number of points when the draws are more than 1?
What is the number for match when the draws in more than 0, the team is Polonia Bydgoszcz, and there are less than 17 points?
What is the lowest number for draw when the points are less than 17, and the lost is 13?
What is the number of points when the match is smaller than 14?
what is the apps when the name is smith?
how many times is the transfer fee £2,500,000?
how many times is the transfer window, summer and the name sinclair?
what is the goals when the country is wal, the name is smith and apps is more than 0?
What is the Studio of the Film with a Gross rental of $7,500,000?
Which Result has a Score of 2 – 0, and a Competition of 2006 fifa world cup qualification?
Which Score has a Result of 0 – 2?
Which Score has a Competition of uefa euro 2012 qualifying?
Which Date has a Score of 0 – 2?
Which Result has a Competition of 2014 fifa world cup qualification, and a Score of 2 – 0?
Which Venue has a Date of 1 march 2006?
Who is the player with an E to par and a 68-73-69=210?
What is the country with a 66-70-69=205 score?
Who is the player from Japan?
What country is player jay haas, who is in t10 place, from?
What is the country with a 68-73-69=210 score?
What is the score of player mark hayes?
WHAT IS THE HOME TEAM WITH A TIE NUMBER OF 7?
WHAT IS THE AWAY TEAM WITH A HOME TEAM OF CHELSEA?
WHAT IS THE SCORE WITH A TIE NUMBER OF 13?
WHAT IS THE ATTENDANCE WITH A READING AWAY TEAM?
WHAT IS THE ATTENDANCE  WITH A READING AWAY TEAM?
Who was the Builder when the wheels were 4-4-0 and the railway was GCR?
Which railway was built in 1920?
Which railway was built in 1909?
What year was Stephenson the builder?
What is the Object Number for the item with wheels 4-4-0 and a location of Barrow Hill?
Who was the builder in 1920?
Which team played in the Darida venue?
What was Team Dnepr's position in 2006?
Which  ICAO has a Province of heilongjiang, and a IATA of jmu?
which Province has a ICAO of vmmc?
Which Province has a City of hiroshima?
Which Province has a IATA of aku?
Name the IATA with a City of budapest?
Name the Province with ICAO of zbcf?
What is the country with a 70-74-69=213 score?
What is the highest to par of player mark brooks, who has a t2 place?
What is the score of player craig stadler from the United States with a t8 place?
What is the country of player ian woosnam?
How many silver medals did the team that had 5 bronze and less than 16 gold have?
what is the team website when the institution is indiana university of pennsylvania?
what is the team nickname when joined tschl is 2010 and home arena is kettering rec center and the team website is dayton hockey?
what is the team nickname that joined tschl after 2010?
what is the institution at akron, oh?
what is the home arena that joined tschl in 2010 and the team nickname is bearcats?
Richard Crump picked after the 114 pick was drafted in what round?
Who has a grid smaller than 24, less than 61 laps, and a ferrari constructor?
Who is the driver with 58 laps and a grid smaller than 21?
What year did J. Jones, trearddur bay build a boat with a current status of tbsc?
What is the boat builder for a boat built in 1910/11 and a number of 39?
What is the boat builder for a boat built in 1994 and a number greater than 93?
What year was the cormorant built in?
What boat builder built the valmai with a number less than 65?
Which sporting location is where Richmond plays?
Tell me the date for emery and home of ottawa with attendance more than 19,575
When the Away team scored 20.15 (135) on the Date of 23 april 1973, how many people were in the crowd?
When the Away team was essendon, what was the Venue they played at?
When the Away team of essendon played and the Crowd was larger than 18,704 people, which Date did this take place on?
What college or club team did Dale Mitchell play for?
Who is the leading scorer for the game on March 22, 2008 with a visitor of Magic?
Who was the home team on March 5, 2008?
What is the lowest when the total is 353,069 and average is larger than 47,425?
What is the smallest hosted when the average is less than 35,208 and total is greater than 593,202?
Which team scored 10.11 (71) at home?
What is the score for the away team at Essendon?
What was the smallest crowd size for the home team at St Kilda?
Which home team had a crowd size of 14,000 at Junction Oval?
Name for me the tatsuhito takaiwa for Ryusuke Taguchi of taguchi (14:31)
Name the ryusuke taguchi for Jushin Liger of liger (9:57)
What were the most in attendance in Richmond?
What team played Essendon?
Which TV network is a spanish commercial network with greater than 53,674,000 households viewable and place lower than 1?
Which game site has an Opponent of buffalo bills?
Which opponent has a Result of l 6–3?
Which game site has a Week bigger than 13, and a Result of l 20–0?
Which date has a Week of 6?
Who was the visiting team where the decision was Biron on October 4?
What is the highest number of losses where a team scored more than 45 goals and had 32 against?
What is the location attendance of the game with Kobe Bryant (18) with the highest points on November 18?
Which team had game 3?
What is the authority of the scientific name of O. Tricuspis?
How many values for decile occur in Mount Roskill with Monte Cecilia school with a roll greater than 170?
For ranks over 2 with Golds over 6 and Silvers over 5 what would be the lowest qualifying Total?
What is the Playoffs during 2004-05?
What was the record of the game on July 3?
What was the attendance at the game when the record was 35-46?
What was the score of the game when the record was 35-47?
Who took the loss against the California Angels when the attendance was 10,886?
How many people were in the crowd for a game than had carlton as the visiting team?
What was total size of the crowd at a home game for north melbourne?
When was the game played at glenferrie oval?
When the crowd was bigger than 26,063, who was the Away team?
What did South Melbourne score when they were the Away team?
What is the average rank of gol on airlines?
What was the smallest crowd during a game where the home team scored 12.9 (81)?
What is the away team score when Home team is fitzroy?
Which date has an Away team score of 11.13 (79)?
Which home team that has an Away score of 10.10 (70)?
Which date was corio oval the venue?
Which venue has St Kilda as the away team?
Who was the home team when the away team scored 10.15 (75)?
Who was the away team when the home team scored 10.8 (68)?
What was the away team score at the game held on 17 August 1935?
Which league has 12 goals?
Which league has less than 15 apps and 0 goals with sparta prague?
How many runners up for the team that won in 1993?
How many runners up for the team with under 1 win and a Years runner-up of 1985 , 1996?
On what circuit was the iii Reims Grand Prix held?
On what circuit was the i mexican grand prix held?
Which player had more than 1 try, 0 drops over a span on 1992-2000?
What is the largest start for a player with 14 conv, 10 tries and more than 22 pens?
What is the total of tries for a player with conv smaller than 45, 19 starts and pens fewer than 22?
For earnings greater than 4,689,368, what is the greatest rank?
When the united states has 22 wins and a rank greater than 2, what is the total earnings?
What is the smallest rank for new zealand?
Which home team has an away team score of 11.13 (79)?
Which home team has an away team score of 4.9 (33)?
What is Richmond's away team score versus Geelong?
When the share of votes equals 21.8%, what's the sum of the total amount of seats?
If the total number of seats is under 144, and the seats won is 32, which election is this?
When the share of votes is 33.9%, what's the highest total amount of seats?
What was the home team's score when North Melbourne was the away team?
What was the date of the game when the home team scored 21.18 (144) and the away team scored 16.19 (115)?
Who was the away team when Geelong was the home team?
Which team scored 9.8 (62) points against Fitzroy?
What is the score of away team, North Melbourne?
What is the fewest number of attendees at Kardinia Park?
What team is the home team when the home team scored 12.4 (76)?
What is the home team score when the away team scored 9.11 (65)?
What is the home team score when the away team was fitzroy?
Who was the home team at the game with a decision of Mason and a visiting team of Dallas?
Name the highest laps for time/retired of engine and grid of 5
Name the highest laps for maserati and +6 laps for grid more than 11
Tell me the time/retired for grid 4
Tell me the driver for 58 laps
What is the score of the home team aginst Essendon?
When is the Geelong game?
Which Original Broadway production has a First US National Tour of roger bart?
Which Original Broadway production has a Role of dr. victor von frankenstein?
Which Role has a First US National Tour of roger bart?
Which Original Italian production has a First US National Tour of joanna glushak?
At what venue was the game played where the away team was South Melbourne
Name the date where the away teams score was 9.10 (64)
Who directed the eula goodnight movie after 1949?
What role does she play before 1942 with dorothy arzner directing?
What drama role does she play in 1973?
What is the date of the 1986 FIFA World Cup?
Name the least floor exercise for parallel bars more than 9.687 and pommel horse less than 8.45
Name the total number of pommel horses for vault of 9.475 and rank more than 16
When lake oval is the venue, what's the score of the home team?
If the away teams score was 15.6 (96), what venue did they play at?
Who did the cubs play on june 3?
Tell me the place of action for sergeant rank and 5th company, 2nd marines unit
Name the service for 7th marines rank of sergeant
How far is the olbia to sassari route?
What day is miami the venue with 38 goals?
What competition has 41 goals?
What day has 34 goals?
What driver had under 22 laps and a Time/Retired of ignition?
What is the highest number of laps for chris amon?
What is the crowd with Away team of hawthorn?
What away team score has carlton home team?
What is the away team score at vfl park?
What was the venue where the away team scored 16.11 (107)?
When did St Kilda play a home game?
Who played a home game at Princes Park with a crowd larger than 14,150?
When was the game played at Moorabbin Oval?
Tell me the name for kelston with roll less than 322
Who was the opponent on September 8?
I want the Grand Final Date for season 1988
What Gaelic Athletic Association stadium is located in Carrick-on-Shannon?
What is the Gaelic Football Stadium at McHale Park's ranking in total capacity?
Which Venue has a Home team score of 12.14 (86)?
Which Home team has a Home team score of 7.8 (50)?
Which Away team score has a Crowd larger than 6,000?
Which average Crowd has a Home team of south melbourne?
On what date was the Record of 43–35?
What record occurred on April 3?
Who led the score on April 9?
What score when more than 20,562 attended with record at 45–36?
What is the record for the game that shows the Rose Garden 20,126 as attendance?
What is the record for the game when the Dallas Mavericks was the home team?
What is the record that has the Rose Garden 20,126 as the attendance?
What was the score when 43,746 attended?
What was the score when the record 56-46 was met?
What did Richmond score as the home team?
Where was the game played when the crowd was more than 14,534 and the home team scored 13.22 (100)?
Which home team played an away team with the score of 12.15 (87)?
How many spectators at the game with a home team score of 16.15 (111)?
Which model has a 2521 cm displacement and b5254 t2 engine?
Which engine has a 2435 cm displacement and is named 2.4 (2001-2007)?
What was the venue for the game on 10-09-2012?
Which competition was played on 13-11-2012?
Which opponent is friendly and played on 15-08-2012?
What is the result of game played on 10-05-2012?
What opponent played on 07-09-2012?
What is the location of the game that was friendly and resulted in 2-3?
What was the home team score when Richmond was the away team?
What was the home team score for the game played at Western Oval?
What was the crowd number when the home team was Carlton?
What is the largest capacity for the stadium for Treviso club?
What club in the 2011-12 season was 7th in lega pro prima divisione b?
What city has a stadium with a capacity of more than 13,602, and 2011–12 season of 16th in lega pro prima divisione a?
What city in the 2011–12 season and 2nd in lega pro seconda divisione a?
Is there Loci in the Cinderella software?
Are the there macros in the Tabula software?
Are there proofs in the Tabulae software?
What is the year total for teams with under 37 games tied, over 33 games, and 15 losses?
What is the low loss total for teams with under 3 years and a less than 0.625% winning percentage?
How many CLASS P14 trains were made?
In what year(s) were the CLASS T14 trains withdrawn from service?
What year was the 4-6-0 Wheel model train from 1908 withdrawn?
What was the away team at collingwood?
What is the home team at windy hill?
What is the greatest capacity when the largest number in attendance is 6,192?
What is the total number for smallest number in attendance at Broadwood Stadium when the largest attendance was 6,192, with an average of 2,468?
What is the sum of the lowest in attendance when the most attendance was 4,914 for the Livingston team?
What is the sum of the lowest in attendance when the average is 1,166 and most in attendance is less than 2,215?
What is the highest average number in attendance when the most in attendance is 5,078?
What is the route that has a rank higher than 63, and Separation Summit as its mountain pass?
Which player plays for Illinois?
Which player played for the Rockets in 2002-03?
What is the height in feet of number 10?
What is the height in feet of the Illinois player?
Tell me the time/retired for Laps larger than 63 and has a grid of 20
I want the sum of Laps for wolfgang von trips, and a grid larger than 5
When fitzroy what was the home team score?
When st kilda played as the Away team which date was that?
Which away team scored 17.17 (119)?
What was the attendance on November 1, 1942?
Which away team has Away team score of 20.12 (132)?
What is the away team score at victoria park?
What is the away team from st kilda?
In what Country/Territory did Jason Keatly win Mr. Gay Internatnional?
What was the score of the match in which Portsmouth was the Away team?
Which Away team did West Ham United play against?
What was the final score of the match that had an attendance of 9,205?
What is the home team score at glenferrie oval?
What home team has a Home team score of 22.12 (144)?
Which home team has an Away team score of 10.12 (72)?
Tell me the Laps for time/retired of +8 laps
Tell me the sum of laps with a time/retired of +13 laps with grid more than 18
I want the lowest laps that have a grid of 12
Tell me the sum of the grid with alfa romeo and toulo de graffenried
Which away team's Venue is western oval?
What date did the Home team score 11.21 (87)?
What was the decision from the Vancouver home game on April 21?
What was the home team that played Vancouver on April 29?
Which 2009 had a 2011 of SF?
Which 2010 featured the US Open?
What is the highest grid when the race was retired due to the gearbox after 67 laps?
What was the time of the race for Driver Jarno Trulli on a grid smaller than 13?
How many laps did Nick Heidfeld drive on grids larger than 4?
What is the full number of New Council when the previous council was 54 and the staying councilor number is bigger than 36?
Which number of New Councils had a previous council number of 19 and the seats up for election were bigger than 6?
What is the mean amount of staying councilors with an election result amounting to less than 10 with the Green party, and a new council bigger than 0?
What is the number of points for the vehicle with a mp4-17d chassis earlier than 2003?
What is the earliest year with a mp4-17d chassis and less than 142 points.
What is the sum for every value of Decile in Clendon?
Which local board does the Clendon Teen Parent Unit belong to?
Which name is the learning/social difficulties type?
what is the result when extra is 4 x 100 m relay and the year is later than 1971?
what is the venue when the result is 2nd and extra is 4 x 100 m relay?
What was the date of the Red Wings home game against Anaheim?
What was the score of the Red Wings game when Vancouver was the home team?
What is the name of the venue where the away team scored 17.12 (114)?
What is the name of the away team who played Footscray?
How big was the crowd of the away team that scored 18.16 (124)?
What date was the game played at Princes Park?
During the Australian Grand Prix and the fastest lap was driven by Jacques Villeneuve, what's the report recorded?
When the fastest lap was driven by damon hill who was the winning constructor?
During the hungarian grand prix where the pole position was michael schumacher and the fastest lap was driven by damon hill, what's the total number of rounds of races matching these standards?
When the winning driver was jacques villeneuve what was the fastest lap driven?
I want to know the average Gold for total smaller 12 and bronze less than 1 and wushu with silver more than 3
I want the lowest Gold for silver being 2 and electronic sports
Tell me the total number of Bronze for futsal
Tell me the total number of total for vovinam and bronze less than 3
Tell me the sum of bronze for gold being 27 and silver more than 30
Who won the season of 1998?
What year was the locomotive withdrawn that was made in 1876?
What was the lowest attendance when Fitzroy was the home team?
Which attendance has the 25–17–5 record?
What was the score when Minnesota visited?
Who was the leading scorer when the visiting team was the Trail Blazers?
Who was the visiting team on November 26, 2007?
Who constructed stefan johansson's car with a grid under 14?
Who constructed piercarlo ghinzani's car with under 44 laps?
On buses ranging in numbr 401-484, what is the lowest width that one longer thna 25 feet can have?
For a vehicle below 25 feet, that was retired in 2005 and had a navistar t444e engine, what was the total width?
What is the highest Champions, with a Final greater than 0, and a Series Won of 53.85%?
What was the score of the game when the home was Atlanta?
What is the number of people in attendance when the decision was brodeur and the home was ottawa?
Which Partner with the surface of Clay ended up as a runner-up with a score of 1–6, 6–4, [10–12]?
What was the score of the other team that played Geelong?
What is the lowest mintage in a year earlier than 2005?
What is the sum of all mintage created by Pierre Leduc?
Which week was the 1995-10-01 game on?
What was the result of the game prior to week 9 with an attendance of 49,970?
What was the date of the game at Joe Robbie Stadium?
Where was the game with the attendance of 54,436?
What is the highest silver total for nations with 3 total and over 2 bronze?
What is the highest bronze total for east germany with under 3 total medals?
What production code does episode 174 of Melrose place have?
What is the title of Melsrose Place episode number 168?
What episode number is the first episode of season 11 in Melrose Place?
What is the D 46 √ when the D 50 √ is d 50 √?
What is the D 46 √ when the D 44 √ is ← majority?
What is the D 44 √ when the D 46 √ is r 26?
What is the D 41 √ when the D 47 √ is d 34?
What is the D 41 √ when the D 47 √ is r 34 o?
What is the crowd with Home team score of 16.9 (105)?
What is the highest crowd at windy hill?
What date is st kilda the Away team?
How many ties drawed at 20?
What is the time for the second qualification where the first qualification time was 1:21.523?
What is the time for the second qualification where the best time was 1:20.772?
What is the team name for the racer who had a first qualification time of 1:22.655?
What is the name of the racer that had a first qualification time of 1:22.085?
What is Paul Tracy's best time racing on the Forsythe Racing team?
What is the type of disc by Logistics after 2004?
What is the year of the disc with a catalogue number mash02?
How much cash on hand did a candidate with a total debt of 4,516,030 and total receipts less than 9,969,292 have?
What is the average total debt of a candidate with more than 9,969,292 total receipts?
What is the average cash on hand of a candidate with receipts w/o loans of 19,951,290 and less than 17,556,672 spent?
What is the lowest swimsuit score a contestant from Rhode Island with an average larger than 9.235 has?
What is the highest average a contestant from Iowa with a swimsuit smaller than 9.267 has?
What is the highest average for a contestant with an evening gown larger than 9.449 from Kansas?
What is the lowest swimsuit for a contestant with an average of 9.125?
What is the lowest interview for a contestant from North Carolina with a swimsuit larger than 9.021, an average smaller than 9.513, and an evening gown larger than 9.5?
What's the most jim colbert got paid?
How many average wins does bruce fleisher have?
What rank has less than 22 wins
Who was the winner of the game in 1999 with Kansas City Chiefs as the loser?
What is the average year of the games with the date December 26?
What is the home team that played Hull City?
Name the height when the floors are bigger than 30 at the bny mellon center
Tell me the name for rank of 27= and years before 1964
Name the year for 8 rank
What was the lowest amount of people to turn out at a game with the away team as collingwood?
When the home team of st kilda was playing, what was the away team score?
What is the total number of people that attended the glenferrie oval venue?
Tell me the leading scorer for grizzlies
Name the record with home of bucks on 24 november 2007
Name the record for bobcats
In the game with a home team score of 9.16 (70), what is the average crowd?
In the game with an away team score of 16.10 (106), what is the home team score?
In the venue of Glenferrie Oval, what is the home team score?
What is the date of the game in a week earlier than 10 played in Texas stadium agains the Atlanta Falcons?
What is the NFL Recap with more than 62,310 in attendance with a result of w 30–29?
What is the nationality of the player from Round 2, Pick 19 from College of Kansas State?
What is the nationality of the player in Position C from Round 1?
Which team has Pick 13 in Round 2?
Who is the Pick 7 player?
Who were the opponents in the final in which the score was 6–1, 1–6, 4–6?
Tell me the launch date with Institutional authority of ndc and launch vehicle of hatf-xi
Name the launch vehicle with Institutional authority of ndc
Name the institutional authority for launch date of october 12, 2004
Name the results for institutional authority of paf
How many laps did Yannick Dalmas do?
How many Laps does Eddie Cheever have?
What is the name of the Constructor with a 19 Grid?
Name the total number of NGC number for sagittarius and diffuse nebula with declination of °02′
I want to know the right ascension which has an NGC less than 6575 and declination of °38′00″
Name the right ascension for sagittarius and NGC number larger than 6522 for open cluster and declination of °22′
How many were in attendance for the loss of rekar (4–5)?
In what year is the status of won?
What was the Last Samurai role?
When the role is role what was the status?
What Ken Watanabe film as nominated?
What year was The Last Samurai nominated?
When the year is year what was the film?
On what date was the type 2-8-0 with a O4 LNER Class?
Which class has less in quantity than 174 between the years 1921–23?
Which type has a quantity of 11?
Which class has less than 3 in quantity with  a type of 4-6-0?
What was the score for the team with a time of 2:44?
9:30 PM when the 8:00 PM is l'auberge du chien noir?
What shows for 10:00 PM when the 8:00 PM is tout le monde en parle?
What shows for 9:00 PM when the 9:30 PM shows as specials?
What shows for 7:00 PM when the 8:00 PM is les parent?
What shows for 7:00 PM when the 8:30 PM is tout le monde en parle?
When is the earliest year opened for huff hall that was established after 1974?
What is the smallest number of big ten conference titles for teams with a capacity of 60,670 and over 5 national titles?
Tell me the sum of wins with earnings of 2,147,530
Tell me the sum of earnings for rank less than 1
Tell me the sum of rank with wins of 17
When the away team scored 18.13 (121), what was the largest crowd size?
What is the total number of laps where time/retired is +2 laps and the grid number is bigger than 18?
What is the mean number of laps where time/retired was +1:05.564?
Which lap number had a grid number bigger than 9 and where the driver was Mark Webber?
What is the smallest crowd for the away team score of 16.14 (110)?
What was the score for the home team when the away team, Melbourne, scored 6.6 (42)?
What is the date when Richmond was the home team?
what is the tie no when the attendance is 126?
what is the average tie no when the home team is stamford a.f.c.?
what is the score when the tie no is 28?
Who was the driver of the Officine Alfieri Maserati with a Tyre of P?
Who was the entrant for driver Giuseppe Farina when he had a Chassis of 625 555 D50 and a tyre of E?
Who constructed Mike Sparken's car with a tyre of E?
What rounds did Gordini participate in?
Who constructed the car in round 1 with a Chassis of 250F?
What was the lowest attendance at Glenferrie Oval?
Where did North Melbourne play as the away team?
What was Footscray's score as the away team?
What was the away teams score at Glenferrie Oval?
Who is the head coach of the team located in Mudgeeraba?
Who is the President of the team that has the Head Coach Mark Wakeling?
Who is the Head Coach of the team whose President is Mario Volarevic?
Which team's Head Coach is Steve Beever?
How many people attended the match on 1/11?
Who was the leading scorer in the match when the Golden State Warriors were visiting the Dallas Mavericks?
At which venue did an away team play with a score of 15.13 (103)?
On what date did the home team score 19.15 (129)?
Which CFL Team has a Position of dl?
Which CFL Team has a College of montreal, and a Player of marc trepanier?
What is the Translated Title of Steinulven?
What Norwegian title has 218 pages and Translated Title of Breaking Dawn?
I want the constituency which has a swing to gain less than 6.05 and a rank of 2
Name the winning party 2007 for result of labour hold and swing to gain less than 7.11 for wrexham
Name the total number of swing to gain with rank more than 1 and LD's place 2007 of 2nd for labour winning party of 2007
Which box score has a Loss of capuano (5–5)?
Which opponent has a Score of 2–5?
What is the record for june 10?
Which box score has an Attendance of 54,773?
What loss happened june 8?
Which record has a Boxscore of w2, and a Loss of kline (2–3)?
What is the PCT when the total number of games is less than 944?
What is the highest number lost when the number tied is more than 42, the years are less than 132, and the PCT is less than 0.5729000000000001?
What is the average number lost when the PCT is more than 0.7334 and the total number of games is larger than 48?
What is the total number of tied games when Old Dominion is the independent and the years is more than 4?
What is the lowest PCT when Old Dominion is the independent and the years is more than 4?
how many laps was the driver jacques villeneuve and the grid more than 7?
What is average prize for first place with a $500,000 purse in the Franklin Quest Championship?
What is the high assists score of Nick Collison (11)?
What is Time/Retired with a Grid of 12?
How many grids have a Manufacturer of honda, a Rider of yuki takahashi, and more than 22 laps?
How many laps have a Time/Retired of +1:35.553?
When the home team scored 7.19 (61) what was the score of the away team?
If fitzroy was the home team what date did they play?
What is the score of the game with 4 goals?
What is the score of the friendly competition with 1 goal?
What was the Illinois Derby purse?
How much money did Crafty Bear wins with a dist of 1 mile?
What track did they race on at the Fountain of Youth Stakes?
What is the grid total for alain prost with over 14 laps?
What is the Digital/analog signal with a Chipset based on with radeon 8500?
What is the Retail name with a Chipset based on with radeon 9200?
What is the Chipset based on with a Digital/analog signal of analog, with an Available interface of agp, with Retail name with all-in-wonder 9800?
What is the Retail name with an Available interface with pci express 2.0?
What is the Digital/analog signal with an Available interface with pci express, with Retail name with all-in-wonder x600 pro?
What is the Retail name with a Digital/analog signal with analog, and a Chipset based on with radeon 9600?
What was the score of the match on 11/2/01?
Did the Bulls win or lose at Valley Parade?
What was the score when the Vikings won the championship at Namyangju Stadium?
What date did Blue Friends come in 2nd place?
Which Stadium was played in when Seven Six was second place?
Tell me the label for formats of cd and album and year of 2008
Tell me the label for digital format with nebula remixes
I want to know the catalog number for album and seed records label for cd and title of grey
Tell me the format with year more than 2000 and label of myuzyk with catalog number of mzykn08
If the Venue was kardinia park what was the highest Crowd attended?
If the Home team of collingwood was playing, what was the Away team?
If the Venue was princes park, which Date did the game take place on?
What stadium has caps as the second place?
What is the average rank of one who is at 76 laps?
What is the average grid number for cars that retired due to engine failure before 18 laps?
What is the time/retired for jo siffert with a grid under 11?
What driver has under 19 laps and a grid under 10?
Where was the game that the attendance was 24,694?
What was the attendance on September 11?
Who had more than 3 wins?
How many league cup goals for tyrone thompson with 0 FLT goals?
How many goals for the FW with 0 FA cup appearances and over 0 playoff goals?
I want to know the third with runner of paris saint-germain and edition less than 5
I want the sum of year for edition more than 4 and winners of new york red bulls
Tell me the lowest edition for winner of arsenal and third of celtic
What is total orders for goals of 239?
Who had an order of 907 and more than 1 game?
What seasons had 288 games and more than 100 goals?
What is the low goal for orders more than 939 during Seasons of 1996 – 2001?
What was the Record for the game on October 30?
When was the game played against a visiting team from Philadelphia?
What was the score when the home team, Toronto, played against New Jersey?
When was the home game for the NY Islanders?
Who was the home team for the game played on November 2, 2007?
What is silver when gold is 1 and the rank is less than 3 for japan?
What is the rank for the total less than 1?
What is the gold when the total is less than 2, and rank is 3 and Canada is the nation?
What is the average amount of floors of the building that is ranked larger than 30, a year prior to 1977 and an address of 100 Van Ness Avenue?
What is the name of the building that has more than 31 floors and built prior to 1964?
Who was the away team at the game played at Lake Oval?
Where was the game played that had an away team score of 20.17 (137)?
What was the home team score for the game played against Collingwood?
Who was the team with the smallest crowd at the Princes Park venue?
what is the size km² when the density hab/km is 8,321?
What is the score for the away team at Victoria Park?
Which away team scored 9.11 (65)?
Where did the home team score 14.13 (97)?
When did Carlton play as the home team?
What was the original air date when ed horowitz wrote it?
Name the episode number that aired on july 23, 2000
What is the draw total that has under 5 places, under 62 points, and a Song of "ne izdajte me"?
How many draws for avia band with over 22 points?
What's the wins with less than 27 events and earnings of $1,579,988?
What's the total earnings ($) with more than two wins and a rank less than 2?
Who's ranked less than 2?
What did the away team score at Moorabbin oval?
What was the attendance at the game when the away team scored 21.14 (140)?
Where was the game played when the home team scored 11.14 (80)?
What was the attendance at the game played at Moorabbin Oval?
What is the wheel arrangement of the locomotive with number 6 or 4?
What is the wheel arrangement for the model with 10" x 15" cylinders?
What is the boiler pressure for the Hesperus model?
What are the driving wheels of the model built in 1883?
What year was the wheel arrangement 0-6-0 and a class 302?
How many have a class of 330?
What comments are made in 1875?
Which artist's work is the butterfly Tiger Swallowtail?
Which artist uses a finish of selective gold plating?
What mintage earlier than the year 2006 has the butterfly great spangled fritillary.
What is the date for Europe?
Who is playing against st kilda against their home more than 16,000?
Which team played away at Victoria park?
When the record was 4-4, how many people attended?
When they were playing the detroit lions at tampa stadium, what was the score?
Which date did 64,443 people attend a game?
what is the highest rank with a total less than 1?
what is the average bronze when gold is 1, the nation is hungary and the rank is less than 3?
How many times was the total more than 1, the nation was east germany and silver was more than 1?
what is the average rank when the nation is east germany and silver is more than 1?
Where did carlton play while away?
What was the top crowd when essendon played away?
I want the date of appointment for manner of departure being sacked
I want the manner of departure for 1 june 2007
I want the outgoing manager for craig brewster
I want the team for replaced by mark mcghee
I want the outgoing manager for 19 february
I want the team with replaced by being csaba lászló
With which association did estribillo ii run as Horse 1?
Which horse was Horse 1 when rené guzmán raced with the mulchén association?
Who was the second rider when papayero raced as Horse 1 in the city of rancagua?
What was the period for 1896?
Tell me the height which has a surpassed by of book tower
I need the surpassed for years before 1925 and period of 6 years
Hawthorn played as an Away team in which venue?
Who was the nominee having a Tony award?
What was the year Bernadette Peters was a nominee for the Tony award?
Which category was Michael Stewart a nominee in?
What was the rank in the 2009 Hanoi Games?
What is the label of the album titled 與你相逢 and released in 1994?
What is the earliest year of release for the album labelled 艺能动音?
Tell me the name in polish for radom seat
Tell me the population for gubernia łomżyńska
What is the promotion when the arena was the venue and the event of legends of the arena?
What is the name of the inductee for the ecw arena?
What is the promotion when the event was Acid-fest?
What is the location when the event was November reign?
What even was Jerry Lynn the inductee?
What is the namesake of Ayashe at a longitude less than 270.7, latitude more than -47.1, and a diameter less than 7.2?
Tell me the opponent that had a result of l 27-20
What was the game site for week 14?
Name the week when the result was l 38-17
Name the date when 33,307 attended
Who used the Ford Cosworth DFV 3.0 v8 engine in rounds 3-12, with a G tire?
Which driver was in all rounds as an entrant of Motor Racing Developments?
Motor Racing Developments used which tire in rounds 3-12?
Which engine was on a car with G tires, a chassis model of 003 002 004 005 006, driven by Jackie Stewart?
What was the result on the wild card?
What date was the week 17 game played on?
What was the attendance on week 12?
What was the result on December 31, 2005?
What was the date of the game at Lake Oval?
What was the date of the game at Princes Park?
Who was the home team at the game with a crowd larger than 32,576?
Where did Melbourne play as the home team?
In what rounds did Scuderia Milano participate?
Who was the entrant for Louis Chiron with a Chassis of T26C?
In what rounds did Luigi Fagioli drive for Alfa Romeo SPA?
In what rounds did the P15 Chassis and tyre D participate?
Where did Hawthorn play an away game?
Where does Melbourne play home games?
What was the score for the opponent against Richmond?
On what date did the episode "Petra-Gate" air?
What was the rating of the episode "After Hours"?
I want to know the total number of national university of ireland with agricultural panel of 0 and labour panel more than 0
Tell me the total number of administrative panel with labour panel more than 2, nominated by taoiseach more than 6 and total of 28
How many people were in attendance when the home team scored 9.11 (65)?
Which home team scored 11.18 (84)?
What was the away team score at Western Oval?
Which away team scored 11.9 (75)?
What is the name of Richmond's home venue?
When did the away team score 12.7 (79)?
What was the away team score at Hawthorn's home game?
What score occurred on February 6?
What is the lowest game number on February 20?
Who had the high rebounds when the score was l 122–93?
Which home team played an away team with a score of 6.4 (40)?
Which home team played at Princes Park?
What date was Richmond the home team?
What was the largest crowd when Melbourne was the away team?
Which gymnast had a balance beam larger than 8.687, had a total less than 38.049, had a floor exercise less than 9.462, and a vault less than 9.275?
Which country is ranked 24?
Name the highest year with rank of 22 and accolade of singles of 1999
What is the largest Grid with a Driver of piers courage?
Name the winner for majorca
Name the third place for anders järryd
Name the score for henri leconte and runner-up of michael stich
Name the winner for london tournament
Tell me the runner-up for majorca
How many laps did BRM have with a grid of 11?
What's the total grid of Bruce Mclaren?
What's the least amount of laps that George Eaton completed that has a time/retired engine and a grid larger than 8?
Who was the home team on 1 April 2008?
What was the record on 6 April 2008?
Tell me the Grantee for san ysidro
Tell me the county for mariano castro
Tell me the grantee for las pulgas in 1795
A round of 4 is in what position?
What Club team with a Round larger than 5 have a defense position?
What Player Club Team is Indiana Ice (ushl)?
What is the Nationality Club Team of Quebec remparts (qmjhl)?
The Position of Centre is what Player?
What is the Overall of 15 Club team with a Nationality of Canada?
What are the additional major sponsors which correspond to the additional color black and a year 1984?
What is the average year of entries with additional color black?
What is the Time/Retired for Grid 6?
What is the lowest Laps for mike spence, with a Grid smaller than 8?
how many laps have a time/retired of +1 lap and mark blundell is the driver?
what is the highest grid when the time/retired is fuel pump and the laps is more than 26?
what is the least laps for driver gerhard berger with a grid more than 6?
What is the Kapampangan word for the Malay word aku?
What is the Lundu (Salako) word for the Siburan-Pandawan word ěku?
What is the Lundu (Salako) word for the Tagalog word pagkain?
What is the Siburan-Padawan word for the Tagalog word kanin?
What were the total games in the Big Ten conference when Nebraska lost fewer than 488 games and had a Pct less than 0.7014?
What is Akron's highest Pct in 100 years?
How many people attended the game at Lake Oval?
What was the away score at the Princes Park game?
What was the home score at the Princes Park game?
What is the total number of stations with a line that is u 6?
Which route has 21 stations?
Which line was green?
How much was crowd attendance when the away team had a score of 16.13 (109)?
What was the away team that played against Melbourne?
Who was the opponent when the score was 6–4, 6–7 (2–7) , 7–5?
Which tournament was andreas haider-maurer the opponent in?
How many people have a vl type in a region greater than 3?
How many people are in regions greater than 3?
What is the average region that has an Area (km 2 ) of 451.79, and a Population under 496,257?
What is the attendance on location for a record of 40–40?
Who had the high assist in a game number above 77 for Milwaukee?
Who had the high assists in game 77?
I want the time/retired for Grid of 13
Tell me the highest Grid for Maurice Trintignant and laps less than 87
I want the lowest Laps for time/retired of engine and driver of charles de tornaco
Which election, in 2003 had the lowest turnout, but also had 57 in 1999 and less then 54 in 2007?
What is the total of the 2003 election but also had 5 in May 2010 and also less than 6 in 1999?
In May 2010, which party had a turnout of less than 3, but also the hightest turnout in May 2012?
What average election in 2003 had an election greater then 6 in 1999 and less then 7 in 2007?
I want the location for round of 3 and time of 4:40
How many people were in attendance for the game with a score of 98–111?
What is the record of the game with a score of 101–92?
What is the date when the Lakers were the home team?
How many people were in attendance when the home shows as Bulls?
What is the lowest number of people in attendance when the record was 9–26?
What is the name of the First Class Team in which the player has a bowling style of left arm orthodox spin?
What is the bowling style of the player whose first class team is Islamabad and has a date of birth of 28 February 1975?
What batting style does player Shahid Afridi have?
Who was the away team at Victoria Park?
What was the crowd size when Geelong played at home?
What was the home score for the Home team Melbourne?
Which studio analyst has Scott Oake for the ice level reporter?
Which ice level reporter has Harry Neale for the colour commentator after the year 2004?
How long was his fight against kim kyoung-suk?
What was the score for the away team at Collingwood?
Who is the home team of South Melbourne?
Who built michael schumacher's car that went under 31 laps?
How many grids for heinz-harald frentzen with 61 laps?
What did the home team score at Lake Oval?
What did Footscray score at the home game?
What did Essendon score as the Away team?
What venue did the away team score 15.16 (106) ?
Name the Trofeo Fast team for roberto visentini
Name the young rider classification for giuseppe saronni at stage 6
What is the young rider classification for jesper worre and stage 3
What college did the player with a school of crete-monee high school go to?
What's the school of the player with a hometown of little rock, arkansas?
What's the hometown of thomas tyner?
What college did hunter henry go to?
What college did the player with a school of huntsville high school go to?
Who went to ohio state?
What date was introduced where it was withdrawn 1955?
What engine was introduced in 1935?
What is the number range for the Gloucester RCW builder introduced in 1937?
What round was Craig Erickson drafted?
What is the Date with a Score with 86–108?
What is the Record with a Date with 24 march 2008?
What is the Record with a Date with 29 march 2008?
What is the Visitor with a Leading scorer with rudy gay (24)?
What is the Leading scorer with a Visitor of grizzlies, and with a Score with 114–111?
What team does Joe Deane play for?
What is the name of the game whose team is Waterford and debuted later than 1995?
What is the year of debut when Tom Feeney plays for the Waterford team?
Who is the opponent when the team is Cork?
who is the constructor when the grid is more than 10 and the time/retired is +1 lap?
what is the highest grid when the laps is less than 44 and the constructor is renault?
Whose attendance was the highest when the team played Arsenal?
What is the flag for Terkoeli?
What is the date for the flag of Norway?
Who sunk the ship with the flag of Norway?
What is the name of the entrant with a chassis of m185b m186?
How many rounds have a chassis of thl2?
Tell me the 1958 when 1957 is dnf-9
what is the reference when the strain is msb8?
what is the average genes when the reference is 2009 and the strain is rku-1?
In which year did Kati Klinzing finish 3rd?
Who was the winner the year Ramona Rahnis finished 2nd and Diana Sartor 3rd?
In Winterberg, who was 3rd the year that Monique Riekewald was 2nd?
In years after 1999, what was the location where Anja Huber finished 2nd?
In the game where the away team scored 10.12 (72) who was the home team?
In the match where the crowd was greater than 14,000 and the home team scored 15.14 (104) who was the away team?
How many goals were scored with a pos larger than 4 and active in 2001-?
What day did they play the bolton wanderers with a result F–A of 1–2?
How many people attended when the away team scored 17.14 (116)?
What was the away teams score at Princes Park?
Which home team played Hawthorn as the away team?
When did Geelong play as the home team?
Who played as the away team when Essendon was the home team?
What is the attendance when oadby town is away?
What is the score when parkgate is at home?
What was the score against the devil rays on september 14?
What is the score on september 20?
Who had the highest number of rebounds on February 14?
Where was the game played where North Melbourne was the away team?
When was the away team score 13.19 (97)?
Where was the game played where the away team scored 8.12 (60)?
What is the week 12 result?
What college did the player from Fort Lauderdale, FL attend?
What is the hometown of the player who attended Ohio State?
What is the height of the player from Elizabeth, NJ?
What college did the player from Ames High School attend?
Name the frequency mhz for fcc and ERP W of 9 watts
Name the frequency mhz for ERP W of 850 watts
Name the FCC info for call sign of kpcc
Name the FCC info for frequency Mhz of 95.3 fm
Name the city of license for call sign of kcmp
Tell me the most Att with a long of 27 with yards longer than 27
I want to know the average Fuml for Att of 5 and long more than 7
I want to know the longest Long for santana moss and Att more than 1
Tell me the greatest att with an avg of 4.3
Tell me the sum of yards for jason campbell and long less than 23
Which driver scored 9 points?
How many points were scored in 1:44:59.557 of time?
What was the loss for June 2?
What is the record for the game that has a loss of Johnson (5-6)?
What was the attendance for the game where the score was 0-6?
How many people attended the game that ended 4-6?
Which Away team has a Home team score of 7.8 (50)?
What is the smallest crowd number for a team that has an Away team score of 15.11 (101)?
what is the sample size when the date(s) administered is march 24, 2010?
what is the margin of error when the undicided is 8% and other is 4%?
what is the percent for other when the margin of error is ± 3%?
Which title has a rating over 9.3, but where the 18-49 range rated under 5.5, and the airdate was on January 11, 2007?
Of all shows who have a rating larger than 7.8, aired on October 26, 2006, and has a share of over 14, what is the sum of the viewers?
Where the 18-49 age range voted over 4.9 and has 2 epieosdes, what's the lowest number of viewers?
What is the latest year that has an n/a mintage and an Issue Price of $89.95?
What mintage for the royal canadian mint engravers before 2008 that has an issue price of $102.95?
What theme is associated with a year before 2006 and Issue Price of $25.22?
What was the score in the final on 14 august 1994?
Which tournament had a final score of 6–7, 2–6, and a Partner of wayne arthurs?
who was the opponent with round 17?
what round saw wakefield trinity wildcats u21 as the opponenet at belle vue?
what round happened at galpharm stadium?
In the game where Melbourne was the away team, what did they score?
In which venue did the home team score 11.13 (79)?
In the venue Corio Oval, who was the away team?
In the game where the away team was Carlton and the crowd was larger than 25,000, what was the venue?
What was the biggest pick number for the new team of Texas Rangers, in the compensation-a round?
What was the pick number for the compensation-a round, for player Frank Catalanotto?
Which new team has a compensation-a round, and Frank Catalanotto as a player?
What was the free agent class, with a pick less than 38?
What is the score of the away team when the home team is Footscray?
What's listed as the Issue Price (BU) [Clarification Needed] with a Mintage (Proof) of 29,586?
Who is the Artist with an Issue Price (BU) [Clarification Needed] of n/a along with  a Year larger than 2004, and Mintage (Proof) of 25,000?
What's the average Year with an Issue Price (Proof) of $49.95, and Artist of W.H.J. Blakemore?
What's the Issue Price (BU) [Clarification Needed] with a Year larger than 2002 and Mintage (Proof) of 50,000?
Who was the winner when the runner-up was Chemnitzer FC II?
Name the preliminary average for utah
What is the total for the school with over 2 tournaments and 1 regular season title?
How many tournament titles for texas with over 0 total?
What season for the team with over 2 tournaments and 13 regular season titles?
How many tournament titles for iowa state with 3 total titles?
what is the country when the bie recognised is no and years(s) is 2014?
what is the type when the bie recognised is yes and year(s) is 1960?
what is the type when the bie recognised is yes, festival name is floriade and the year(s) is 2002?
what is the year(s) when the city is kunming?
what is the type when the year(s) is 1982?
What rank was caerphilly with a Swing smaller than 6.92?
What's the sum of swing to gain with a winning party 2007 of Conservative with a rank smaller than 5?
Who directs before 1949 with linda darnell leading and jonathan kent?
Who is the leading lady in a yank in the r.a.f.?
What title has rouben mamoulian directing after 1940 with linda darnell as the leading lady?
Who directs before 1948 with linda darnell, titled blood and sand?
Which driver had 3 Laps and grids less than 15?
I want the time/retired with grid less than 22 and Laps less than 33 for john surtees
What is the 2010 for the grand slam tournaments of 2007?
Name the 2009 for when 2007 is 3r and 2010 is q2
Name the 2012 for when 2010 is q3
Name the 2010 for 2012 grand slam tournaments
Which giant slalom had an Overall number of 25?
Which Super G had a slalom of less than 5 when the giant slalom was 1?
Which Giant Slalom was obtained in the 1997 season?
On what date did Mike Hawthorn have the fastest lap for the E Tyre of the Silverstone Circuit?
What was the Tyre for 19 January?
What individual(s) had Pole Position for Tyre F?
Who won the race on 24 August?
During what race did Mike Hawthorn have the Fastest Lap and Peter Collins win?
What race occurred on the date of 15 June?
What's the lowest attendance for October 13, 1968, and is larger than week 5?
What was the attendance on October 27, 1968?
What was the attendance on November 3, 1968, that was a week smaller than 8?
What is the lowest ranking team in Australia?
Which score happened on 11 february 1996?
What was the result of the Competition of euro 2000 qualifier?
Which venue was used 11 february 1996?
Which venue has a Score of 1–0, and a Competition of 2002 world cup qualifier?
Where did the game on March 11 take place and how many people attended?
What chassis recorded 5 points?
What is the low point total for arrows a22 chassis?
How many points for the simtek s951 chassis?
What Chassis has a year later than 1989?
What is the Tyres with a ford dfz v8 engine(s) with a chassis of coloni fc187?
What is the round of the match at venue A with a result of 1-2 on 7 December 2004?
Who was the opponent of the match in round sf with a result of 0-0?
Who is the opponent of the match with an attendance larger than 59,000?
How many apperances for shakhtar donetsk?
How many appearances for psv eindhoven ranked above 11?
How many caps for alister campbell from brumbies?
When was the player born who has 1 caps?
When was the queensland reds lock player born?
Which Opponent has a Round larger than 4 and the Event, Draka V?
Which Event has the Opponent, Jason Yee?
Which Result has the Event Strikeforce and the Method, Ko (spinning back fist)?
What is the lowest Round with the Location, Las Vegas, Nevada, the Method, Decision (unanimous), and the Event, K-1 World Grand Prix 2003 in Las Vegas II?
Which Result has the Event, Strikeforce, and Method, Ko (double roundhouse kick)?
what is the frequency of part number tmn550dcr23gm?
How many games were lost by more than 27 but not more 78 with goals less than 300?
How many games had a tied less 15 with goals against being fewer than 186?
What's the least amount of goals for a game that had a tied bigger than 15?
What was the highest year that Europe/Africa Zone Group I Group B lost?
What is the least number of Gold for a Rank smaller than 5, and 1 silver medal for Poland with more than 1 medal in total?
How many silver medals are there with 3 gold medals at a rank above 1?
What is the average number of gold medals with more than 1 bronze medal?
What is the average number of silver medals for rank 2 and more than 1 bronze medal?
Which Manufacturer has a Quantity of 1, and has the LMMR name Great Mountain?
How many in the majority when Dan Sullivan won?
Who won with a majority more than 6,181 and J W Andrews as runner up?
What is the average decile of the school with a state authority and a roll number of 888?
What is the area of Mount Albert School?
What years does Our Lady Sacred Heart School, which is state integrated, have?
What is the highest number of asts in 2008?
What is the number of asts when rebs are larger than 1,189?
What did the visiting team score at brunswick street oval?
Where did the team play when they scored 10.10 (70)?
What did the team score when playing against home in geelong?
Where did the home team play when they scored 16.17 (113)?
When did fitzroy play at home?
Which rank took place prior to 2000 when the bike was bsl?
Which constructor has 10-12 rounds and a M7A chassis?
The rounds of 1-2, 4-10, 12 belong to which entrant?
What tyre has 1 round with Dave Charlton driving?
Which driver has a G tyre, rounds of 2-12 and a M7A chassis?
Who was the leading scorer of the game where the Knicks were the home team and the Warriors were the visiting team?
What is the lowest Not Outs with an average lower than 31.25, fewer than 13 matches, and fewer than 327 runs?
What is the total number of runs when the average was less than 31.25 and there were fewer than 24 innings?
What is the lowest number of Not Outs when there were more than 25 innings?
What is the number of Not Outs when there were more than 327 runs and 24 innings, and an average of 29.54
What is the total number of runs where the average is less than 27.22?
What's the hometown of the player who went to lsu?
What college did delray brooks go to?
What school did delray brooks go to?
Who has a hometown of los angeles, ca?
What's the hometown of the player who is 6-4?
What college did danny manning go to?
Which model(s) has AGP graphics and 400 FSB (MHz)?
Which model's chipset is intel 955?
What is the chipset in the Precision 340 model that has the rambus memory and 400 or 533 FSB (MHz)?
What type of graphics are present in the Precision 340 model with the intel 850e chipset?
What type of chipset is in the Precision t3400 model with the PCI Express graphics?
What is the Time/Retired for brabham - climax, on Grid of 10?
How many laps have a Time/Retired of +12.5 secs?
What competition was contested at stavanger?
What is the result of the contest with over 1 scored?
What was the score of the game where Wallace (17) had the highest points?
Who had the highest points of the game on March 24?
Which pick was from Lamar High School?
Which nationality does Florida Tech have?
Which nationality's pick was 415?
Which school's nationality was United States when its pick was 595?
Which school's round was 24?
What Winning Jockey ran in the Tampa Bay Downs Track on Winning Horse Barkley Sound?
What is the Purse in Sunland Park Track?
What Date is Northern Spur Breeders' Cup Stakes Race?
What is the away team at glenferrie oval?
What is the crowd total for glenferrie oval?
Tell me the total number of Grid for Rubens Barrichello
I want the lowest Grid for David Coulthard
When carlton was the home team what was the lowest crowd turnout?
When the venue was punt road oval, what was the Home teams score?
When the home team score was 21.15 (141), what was the away team?
When the away team score was 11.5 (71), what was the date?
When the away team was geelong, what was the away team score?
When the away team was north melbourne, what was the away team score?
What is the result of the hypo-meeting before 2010?
What venue is used before 2012 with a result of 12th?
What is the notes for the hypo-meeting tournament in 2012?
What was the earliest year a game was played in Athens?
On which date was there a win?
What film won best actress at the 2007 Inside Soap Awards?
What character won the best dramatic performance award?
In what category was character Jacqui Mcqueen nominated before 2011?
I want the away team score for away team of fitzroy
Name the height for the center position from kansas
Name the position for number 11 and years on the rockets for 1989-95
Name the position for numbers of 41
Which team calls VFL Park their home?
Which team scored 4.11 (35) while playing away?
Tell me the pole position for graham hill the fastest lap and winning driver of him on 30 may
Tell me the fastest lapf or jim clark being the winning driver for prince george
I want the circuit for jim clark
I want the constructor for winning driver of jim clark, pole position of graham hill and dutch grand prix
Tell me the winning driver for jim clark as pole position and fastest lap
At the match in windy hill, how much did the home team score?
During footscray's home game, how much did the away team score?
What date was the match at mcg played?
At the match which took place in arden street oval, how much did the away team score?
How many floors does detroit marriott at the renaissance center have?
Which place has 23 floors and a street address in Detroit of 144 west congress street?
How many floors does the address 1828 jay street have?
What is the sum of Floors at st. joseph church?
Which home team has a crowd that is bigger than 22,449?
What is the average number of laps for max biaggi
What bike does dean ellison ride?
What is the constructor for Brazilian Grand Prix?
What is the fastest lap for Belgian Grand Prix?
What is the lowest utility PV with hydro great than 289.25 and renweable total larger than 520.07?
What dates of captaincy for a win % of 35.71?
Who was the Locomotive superintendent has a NER class of d45?
Which LNER class was introduced in 1885 and GNoSR class of g?
Which LNER class has been Passed to LNER larger than 3 and a introduced in 1895–98?
Which venue had an away team that scored 18.11 (119)?
Which venue had an away team that scored 13.8 (86)?
Name the winner for 29 march
Name the report for circuit of kyalami for south african republic trophy
What is the year of expected completion when the capacity is 22,500?
What city is in Saskatchewan?
What province is Hamilton part of?
Which city expects their project completion in 2017?
What is the smallest figure in 1960 when 1940 is 1,115 and 1990 is less than 928?
What is the maximum 1920 when 2000 is 5,030 and 1960 is greater than 4,228?
When 1960 is less than 4,228, 1920 is smaller than 106,021,568 and 1980 is larger than 949, what is the 1970 figure?
What is the minimum 1930 when 1990 is 6,883 and 1920 is more than 6,215?
What is the figure in 1940 when 1970 is larger than 11,070 and 1950 is smaller than 150,844,547?
What is the number of fumbles for the avg larger than 5.4, with yards smaller than 164?
What is the most fumbles for more than 44 yards and att of 32?
What entrant has osella fa1c chassis after 1981?
How many appearances with fc igea virtus and 1 goal?
What is the title of the program that was originally aired on June 13, 1999?
Who wrote the program that originally aired on June 6, 1999?
What is the episode number of the episode titled "Outside the Box"?
Who directed the episode titled "Hand to Hand"?
What is the episode number of the episode titled "Threshold of Pain"?
What is the title of the episode written by David J. Burke?
What driver shows grid as 18?
What is the Time/Retired for less than 52 laps in grid 19?
What driver has more than 39 laps on gird 15?
What is the number of the grid for Johnny Herbert with more than 52 laps?
What is the least amount of laps for Luca Badoer?
Which category does drama league award belong to?
What is the latest year for the distinguished performance?
What type of award is the theatre world award?
Which country is the Nova TV network from?
Which series premiered on Acasa TV?
What is the alternate title/translation of the series that premiered on December 12, 2006?
What is the name of Bulgaria's TV network?
Which country had a series that premiered on September 4, 2006?
What TV network is the series aistrų žemė aired on?
What venue will hold the 2013 Concacaf Gold Cup competition?
What is the result of the 2011 Concacaf Gold Cup competition?
What is the score of the event held on July 23, 2009?
What is the smallest Class Position that has drivers Les Palmer, Terry Morris, and a Position larger than 23?
Which Class has Laps larger than 193, Class Position of 1, and a Position of 13?
Which drivers have the position of 27?
Where the home team score is 15.19 (109), what did the away team Footscray score?
In the game against home team Fitzroy, what did the away team score?
At Junction Oval, what is the sum of the crowd?
Which region in Saint-Simon-Les-Mines has a population smaller than 458?
What is total population of Saint-Agapit (code 33045)?
What is the average area larger than Code 19025 but a smaller region than 12?
What is the highest region of Saint-Flavien with an area larger than 67.56?
Which Drobo (2nd) has a Drobo FS of up to 32?
Which Drobo (2nd) has a Drobo S (2nd) of 5?
Which Drobo (2nd) has a Drobo 5d of 2012-11-02?
Marty Riessen played as a partner during a match with what kind of surface?
When did Marty Riessen team up with a partner during a match on a carpet surface?
what is the highest region when the population is less than 4,797, the name is l'ascension-de-notre-seigneur and the area (km 2) is more than 131.83?
what is the average population when the regional county municipality is le domaine-du-roy, the type is m and the region is less than 2?
what is the regional county municipality when the type is m and the code is less than 91015?
When the fastest lap was carlos pace and jackie stewart was the pole position, who was the winning driver?
Which venue has a Home team score of 11.11 (77)?
What is north melbourne's home team score?
Which venue has an Away team of south melbourne?
How many people in the crowd with Away team of geelong?
Which venue has a Away team of hawthorn?
Who was the runner-up in the Michelob Light Open at Kingsmill?
Which tournament won with a score of 66-68-70-70=274?
Which Venue has a crowd larger than 25,000?
What is the name of the team with the Away score of 12.13 (85)?
Which competition has a Year of 2008, a Surface of carpet, and a Date of 31 jan?
Which surface has a Date of 24–25 apr?
How many years have a Surface of clay, and a Score of 4 : 0?
What is the largest year located in zagreb, croatia?
What is the biggest clean and jerk number when snatch was less than 150 and the bodyweight was bigger than 93.13?
Which name had a bodyweight bigger than 89.64, a total (kg) bigger than 310, a clean and jerk less than 207.5, and a snatch that is bigger than 165?
What is the home team's score for the game at Junction Oval?
Tell me the club with a replacement of alberto malesani
Name the club with date of appointment of 1 november 2007
What college is the Philippines and has the PBA team mobiline phone pals?
Which country had a pick smaller than 26 and a PBA team of shell turbo chargers?
What's the total number of picks of a team that had june longalong?
What is the pick number for School of lsu?
What's the average round number for East Carolina?
Which round has an offensive tackle position?
Tell me the average population with foreign nationals in % of 27,3%
I want to know the total number of population for foreign nationals in percentage of 23,3%
What is the home team at princes park?
When the home team score was 6.11 (47), what was the highest crowd?
What is the home team for Windy Hill?
What is the home team of Lake Oval?
What was the date when there were 26 golden tickets?
What was the date when the first audition venue was Kemper Arena?
Which audition city held callbacks at Amelia Island Plantation?
How many golden tickets were given out when the auditions were held in San Francisco, California?
What was the callback venue for the Phoenix, Arizona auditions?
What was the callback date for the auditions held on July 29, 2008?
On which date was the high assists Delonte West Earl Watson (6)?
How many laps for ukyo katayama with a grid under 16?
What grid has a Time/Retired of +5 laps?
Which away team that had 48 as a Tie no?
What's the score during a game than had a tie no of 19?
How many people attended the game of a.f.c. totton?
How many people attended the game with a Tie no of 30?
What was the score of the home team at junction oval?
Which away team is based at glenferrie oval?
What is the date the new york giants were the visiting team and the Final Score was 37-34?
What was the visiting team on october 23?
What team was the host on september 11?
What stadium was the game played in on november 20?
What date was the final Score of 17-34?
What stadium was the game held in when the final score was 17-31?
When the home team was geelong, what did the away team score?
When the crowd was larger than 22,283 and the home team scored 23.13 (151), what did the away team score?
When did the home team score 12.7 (79)?
Which Suburb was First Settled as a Suburb in 1962?
What's the Area with a Density of 263?
What is the Area with a Median Age of 38 years, a Population of 2,444, and a Date First Settles as a Suburb prior to 1965?
What is the highest Area that has a Mean Household Size of 3.1 persons?
Which game site Kickoff [a] of 1:00, and an Attendance of 63,251?
Which date has a Kickoff [a] of 4:00, and an Opponent of detroit lions?
What is the attendance in week 15?
What is the lowest number of laps obtained by driver Nick Heidfeld?
What is the percent yes of Nova Scotia, which had more than 2,410,119 vote yes and less than 51.3 vote no?
What is the percent yes of Alberta, which had a percent no larger than 60.2?
What is the total number of yes votes in Newfoundland, which had less than 77,881 vote no?
What is the highest percent of yes Alberta, which had less than 60.2 vote no, has?
What is the highest percent yes in Alberta, which had less than 5,354 vote yes and less than 731,975 vote no?
What team was the away team when Footscray was the home team?
What was the size of the crowd when North Melbourne was the home team?
What date were there more than 16,000 people in the crowd and Carlton was the home team?
What was the largest crowd when Collingwood was the away team?
What year is the result 6th in munich, west germany?
What year is the event in athens, greece?
What year is the venue in budapest, hungary?
What tournament is in 1971?
What is the extra result associated with 6th place in 1972?
When did Collingwood play?
How many were in the crowd when there was a game at Junction Oval?
What is the Competition with a Score of 1–0, and a Result with 3–0?
What is the Result with a Date with 22 january 2008?
What was the decision of the Lightning game when the Canadiens were the away team?
What was the date of the 24–27–6 Lightning home game against Tampa Bay that had a decision of Ramo?
What week was October 29, 2000?
Who was the opponent on December 10, 2000?
Who was the opponent on the game with a 65,569 attendance before week 12?
What week was September 24, 2000 on?
What is the engine configuration & notes 0-100km/h with a model with 2.3 t5?
What is the engine configuration & notes 0-100km/h with an engine type with b5252 fs?
What is the model with a engine type with b5244 s2?
What is the engine type with a model with base 2.4?
What is the composition of the coin that was issued after 2008, had a mintage larger than 999, and was designed by Jody Broomfield?
What is the theme of the coin from before 2006?
What was the Tyre for the German Grand Prix?
Who had Pole position for the French Grand Prix?
What was the fastest lap in a race where Phil Hill had the Pole position and was won by Wolfgang von Trips?
Which series has a season premiere on January 3, 2007 with the most episodes?
What are the originally aired dates of the series premiering on October 3, 2001 with less than 5 seasons?
What is the lowest nuber of games drawn in the total column?
What is the lowest number of games lost that has less than 1 game drawn, a 50% winning percentage, against the netherlands, and over 2 played games?
What was the venue when the home team was Essendon?
Which biggest interview score had an evening gown stat of 9.286?
Which mean interview number had an average of more than 9.233, a swimsuit stat of more than 9.473, and an evening gown score of more than 9.671?
Which is the smallest evening gown score when the interview score was more than 9.164, the swimsuit stat was less than 9.35, and the average is less than 9.233?
Which is the largest average number when the swimsuit is 9.4 and the evening gown stat is less than 9.486?
What is the total number of interview scores that have an evening gown score of 9.543 and an average that is bigger than 9.521?
What is the mean average score when the evening gown score is more than 9.35, the state is South Carolina, and the swimsuit score is more than 9.4?
What is the total draw count with 52 goals and less than 15 losses?
What is the top losses that with Club of cd toledo and Points more than 56?
What is the low win count with more than 72 goals?
What's the Total (kg) of a Snatch of 132.5?
What's the name of the athlete with a Snatch larger than 140, Bodyweight smaller than 84.55, and Clean and Jerk of 192.5?
When was the result 3-1?
Which competition had a result of 1-0?
What is the lowest +1d12 (6) with a Difficulty Value with competent (dv 8), and a 1d10 Resolution (+5) larger than 13?
What is the highest 3d6 or 1d20 Resolution (+10) with a 1d10 Resolution (+5) with 5, and a +1d12 (6) smaller than 6?
What is the highest +1d12 (6) with a 3d6 or 1d20 Resolution (+10) larger than 10,with a +1d6-1d6 or +1d10-1d10 (+0) of 4, with 1d10 Resolution (+5) larger than 9?
At what venue was richmond the away team?
What venue had an away team of south melbourne?
What was fitzroy's score at home?
What day did South Melbourne play as the away team?
What was the attendance when Hawthorn played as the away team?
Who was Carlton's away team opponent?
IN EVENTS 1995 STOH, WHO WAS THE THIRD WITH SKIP SANDRA PETERSON AND SECOND JOAN MCCUSKER?
What club was derrick byfuglien drafted by before 283?
What is the Venue with a Result of 3–0, and a Competition with 2006 fifa world cup qualifier, and with a Score of 3–0?
What is the Date with a Result of 8–2, and a Score with 6–2?
What is the Result with a Score of 1–0, and a Date with 18 april 2009?
What is the Venue with a Result of 10–0, and a Score with 3–0?
What is the Competition with a Date with 6 december 2011?
What is the Result with a Date with 4 september 2013?
When was there a crowd larger than 23,000?
How much was the score of the home team at windy hill?
What was the score of the team that played against Fitzroy in their home game?
Which stories have a rank of 14?
How many stories were done in 2008 with a 16 rank?
Name the average stories done after 2003 with a 16 rank
Name the total number of stories that had a 16 rank
I want the sum of stories for guadalajara done after 2007
Which country has less than 4 votes?
What was the time of the driver who had a grid of 22?
What is the construction of Olivier Panis' car that retired due to a collision?
Which driver retired from a collision after 41 laps?
Who retired at lap 77 and was grid 11?
How many grid numbers had a lap number bigger than 54?
Who is the outgoing manager when the date of vacancy is 13 october 2008?
Which Constructor has a Grid larger than 8, and a Time/Retired of +1:17.124?
which year has the toyota tf102 chassis?
what was the engine used before 1996 with 5 points?
What number of years did the red bull sauber petronas have greater than 6 points?
What are the notes for a Type of 0-6-0t?
What is the notes for the vehicle built in 1917?
What is the smallest crowd size for an away team that scored 7.15 (57)?
When did an away team have a crowd larger than 17,259 at Melbourne?
What is the away team score for the team that has a home team score of 14.22 (106)?
Who was the Away team at Hawthorn?
Which team has an away score of 7.4 (46)?
When did an away team score 8.6 (54)?
What region has vinyl record listed as its format?
What label is formatted as compact disc and has United Kingdom as its region?
What format has United Kingdom as its region and is catalogued as 201457 9?
What is the school/country of the player with 337 assists?
What is the position of the player with more than 11 assists and 219 rebounds?
What day did Geelong play as the away team?
When was the kickoff during a game with a record of 1-7?
When was the date that week 9 started?
What was the score on September 1, 1996?
Which school drafted dave lewis?
What position did the school of alabama draft?
What was the stage of team Once?
Which team had a final stage when Claudio Chiappucci had the points?
What stage did team Carrera Jeans-Tassoni have when Mario Cipollini won and Claudio Chiappucci had the points?
I want to know the crowd with a home team of carlton
what is the highest population estimate 2005 when the area (km 2) is more than 1,775.65 for mamasa regency with a population census 2010 less than 139,962?
how many population estimate 2005 are for majene?
what is the highest area (km2) with a population estimate 2005 less than 93,116 named polewali mandar regency?
what is the population estimate 2005 for the with the area (km2) 3,034.08?
how many times was the population estimate 2005 have an area (km2) more than 8,023.74?
Name the score for pacers visitor on 14 april 2008
Name the leading scorer when the attendance is more than 12,107 on 4 april 2008
What was the home teams score at victoria park when the crowd was larger than 18,000?
What was the home team when geelong was the away team?
In the 2010-2011 Tv Season with less than 3.6 million viewers what was the lowest season?
What was the rank of the 2009-2010 TV season?
What was the 2008-2009 season finale?
In the 2009-2010 Tv Season with less than 6.2 million viewers what was the rank?
What stadium hosted the game that had a final score of 9-14?
Who was the visiting team at Lincoln Financial Field when the final score was 24-14?
Who was the vistiting team in the game with the final score of 7-13?
Who was the host team on December 19?
Where was the game on September 12 played when the Dallas Cowboys was the visiting team?
Who was the host team at Louisiana Superdome when the final score was 10-20?
What is the result for the best orchestrations category?
What genre has over 20 episodes, with an English title (Chinese title) of wong fei hung - master of kung fu 我師傅係黃飛鴻?
which CFL team has a player called Peter Hogarth?
which college has a player called Riley Clayton?
Which album was on June 1998?
Which album has a label and cat# full moon/warner 28628?
What is the US 100 rank of Champlin's Chicago 19 album with a US AC of 1?
What is the US AC of the label and cat# reprise 19466?
When the Long is 42, what is the average TD's?
Which Rec has Jerel Myers as the Player?
What is Away team Carlton's score?
Which Away team had a score of 15.15 (105)?
What was Home team Footscray's score?
What is Mahu when pergi is pi?
what is -kah (atau tidak when basikal is basikal and language dialect is malay language (informal)?
what is the language/dialect when basikal is sepeda and boleh is bulih?
what is basikal when mana is mano, pergi is gi and Ikut  is turuk?
On what date was the match against the St. George Illawarra Dragons?
What was the margin of the score 52-12?
Which home team plays at the Western Oval?
What was the away score when North Melbourne was played?
with a record of 73-82 what was the date?
in game that had a score of 7-6 what was the attendance?
with a record of 63-76 what was the attendance?
with a record of 68-80 what was the loss?
with a record of 66-78 what was the loss?
Which Home Team has an Away Score of 7.2 (44)?
What field did the Away Team score 9.12 (66)?
What field did the Home Team score 5.10 (40)?
Where did the Home Team score 5.10 (40)?
How many places have more than 33 points?
What's the sum of draw for artist hari mata hari with less than 70 points?
What's the highest points for song "budi tu" with draw less than 7?
What's the sum of points for artist hari mata hari?
What's the lowest place for song "starac i more" with draw over 13?
What losing team plays hockey?
What date did Virginia Commonwealth Rams win?
What year were the awards given june 6, 2004–june 15, 2004?
What company was the entrant for the race with Jack Fairman as the driver with a chassis of t45?
What chassis was used by roy salvadori?
Name the 2nd runner-up for july 20, 2007
Name the 2nd runner-up for yuming lai (賴銘偉)
Name the 3rd runner-up for celia liang (梁曉珺)
Name the 2nd runner-up for season 7
Name the runner-up for janice yan (閻奕格)
Name the 3rd runner-up for wu si ai, usay(舞思愛)
Which constructor has a Grid smaller than 18, and a Driver of mika häkkinen?
What is the average Lap of damon hill, with a Grid smaller than 1?
What is the total number of laps with a Driver of eddie irvine?
Which average games played number has the Ottawa Hockey Club as a team and a number of wins bigger than 5?
What is the mean number of goals against when there were fewer than 8 games played?
What is the sum of wins when the goals for number was bigger than 35, the team was the Montreal Hockey Club, and the number of losses was less than 2?
What is the outcome of the match when the partner is Nicole Arendt?
What was the week of the December 9, 1961 game with an attendance larger than 41,268?
None of the communities listed has a percentage smaller than 8.6 in 2006.
There are communities listed that a percentage larger than 7.6 in 2001, but none of them has 2 seats listed in 2006.
What was the date of the Cubs game that had an attendance over 20,737 and a loss of Dawley (2-3)?
What is the release date of vhs super callanetics?
What format is after 1991 and has a Catalog Number of 81868?
How many years have a Catalog Number of 80429 / bta80429?
When did the score of 2-0 take place?
Where the grid is under 19, the time finished was logged as received outside assistance, what's the total number of laps?
Which player has 0 goals, 1 tries, 4 points, and plays in the Prop position?
What is the average number of Tries for Nathan McAvoy?
What is the average number of Tries with less than 28 Points for Mike Forshaw?
What position did the player from the saskatchewan roughriders (via toronto) play?
What numbered pick was dominic picard, ol, selected?
Name the date which has a home team of north melbourne
Name the away team for home team of fitzroy
What was the score for the away team that played at Glenferrie Oval?
When was the attendance at a venue bigger than 35,151?
Tell me the total number of Laps for Qual being larger than 142.81 with Grid of 12
Tell me the total number of Qual Laps higher than 93 with a Rank of 32 with Grid less than 32
Tell me the payload that has an In service for 2011
Tell me the dimension that has a range of 8,000 – 10,000
Name the project which has a missle of agni-iii
Name the payload that has a weight of 12,000
Name the typ for project of igmdp and weight of 16,000
What is the record of the game with Andrew Bogut (21) as the leading scorer?
Who was the home team of the game on 26 February 2008?
Who is the leading scorer of the game on 9 February 2008?
Who is the leading scorer of the game on 13 February 2008?
Who is the visitor team of the game with Andrew Bogut (21) as the leading scorer?
What is the lowest number of events a tournament with more tha 5 cuts and less than 13 top-25 has?
What is the highest top-10 a tournament with 16 cuts and less than 13 top-25 has?
What is the top-25 of the U.S. open, which has less than 7 events?
How many events does the tournament with a top-10 of 2 and more than 5 cuts have?
What Pick number is Rich Burtness?
What position is Kentucky State sitting in?
What is the density (hab/ km²) when the altitude m is 1300?
What is the Distance Medellín Downtown (km) when the municipalities Envigado?
What is the density (hab/ km²) when the extension km² is 380,64?
What is the population (hab) when the distance medellin downtown (km) is * dane?
What is the Density (hab/ km²) when the population (hab) is 58 414*?
What is the altitude for the distance medellin downtown (km) is 42?
How many have SHT number 5?
What GWR is associated with 4?
What was the score on march 11?
What is the nationality of the C?
What team has a player from Santa Clara?
What round did the College of Minnesota pick?
What team had Pick 2?
What nationality is the player from the College of Cincinnati?
Which player went to the college of Western Washington?
How much money did the player ranked above 3 with under 28 events earn?
What is the low win total for players ranked below 4?
Which name has a percentage of 0.59%?
What is the exact number of Total that has a percentage of precisely 12.03%?
What was the result on 1990-11-04?
Who was the opponent in week 3?
Where was the game on 1990-11-18?
What is the average number of laps for grid 8?
Who built the car that has a Time/Retired of 1:34:12.912?
How many TDs did the player with less than 7 long and less than 4 yards have?
What is the rd number where the reg GP is 0 and the pick is 150?
What season had a position higher than 11 and an attendance per game of 9,153?
Where Result is nominated and Organization is 54th the television academy drama awards, what is the award?
Where Work is veterinarian dolittle, what is the Organization?
Where Award is newcomer actress, what is the work?
Where Award is best actress and Work is first kiss, what is the average Year?
What round did the maccabi haifa fc club have?
What competition did the maccabi haifa fc club play?
What is the record of the game on March 5?
What is the home team of the game with the Raptors as the visitor team?
What competition was at puskás ferenc stadium , budapest , hungary, and a Score of 1–0?
Name the object type with an NGC number more than 6638 and right ascensions being 18h25m37.8s
Tell me the constellation which has a right ascension of 18h17m41.1s
What is the total number of Since with a Goals larger than 6, and a Name with deco?
What is the average Ends with a Since of 2003, and a Name with márquez?
What is the sum of Ends with a Name of abidal, and has a Since larger than 2007?
Which finish has a Record of 74-68?
What is the total of the year with a Team of johnson city yankees, and a Finish of 6th?
Which record has a Team of manchester yankees?
Which organization has a Finish of 4th?
Which year has an Organization of new york yankees, and a Team of johnson city yankees?
Which constructor had a grid number bigger than 14, laps of more than 93, and rank higher than 25?
Which qual has rank of more than 28 and a grid number that is bigger than 23?
What is the total qual where the grid number is 24?
What is the Suffix for the Group of Benzyl?
Which Formula has a Prefix of alkyl-?
Who was the Home team when the Visitor was Florida, with a Decision of Ramo?
What was the Decision when the Visitor was Carolina?
Which crowd has an Away team score of 10.10 (70)?
What is the home score with Away team score of 3.7 (25)?
Which away team was at windy hill?
Which away team has a Home team score of 10.14 (74)?
For the category of most popular star with a result of won for 2007, what was the award?
What is the result for the king and I after 2006?
What is the main color(s) for marlboro?
What is the additional major sponsor(s) that has red as its main color after 1991?
Who was the brother of Edward VIII?
How many laps are associated with a time of + 1:39.591?
What is the average number of laps for a grid of 6?
Name the data with a percent gain of 28.4%
Which smallest swimsuit number's interview was less than 8.574 when the average number was bigger than 8.532?
Which smallest interview number had a swimsuit stat of less than 9.322, an evening gown score of more than 9.259, and an average number of 9.321?
What is the highest mean number for Texas when the swimsuit stat was more than 8.839?
What is the mean evening gown number when the average is 8.686?
What is the sum number of evening gown stats for New Jersey when the interview was less than 9.344?
What engine was made in 1991?
What engines have the year 1992?
What chassis has the year 1987?
What is the average points for the chassis LOLA LC88?
what is the attendance when the location is veterans stadium, the game is more than 3 and the time is 2:21?
what is the score when the time is 2:22?
how many games have a location of memorial stadium and a time of 2:27?
what is the attendance on the date of october 16 and the game is more than 5?
What was the lowest attendance for a score of  5 - 0?
On what date was the record 21-25?
What is the away team score at princes park with a Crowd larger than 27,455?
I want the total number of Laps for time/retired for + 4 Laps and grid more than 20
I want the average Laps for grid of 9
What is the total works number of the locomotive with 0-6-4t type after 1875?
What is the total work number of Gowrie after 1875?
What is the average work number of Snowdon Ranger with the builder Vulcan Foundry?
What is the total work number of Gowrie with a 0-6-4t type after 1908?
What day was the bell atlantic classic?
What was the Set 1 game score when Set 3 game score was 15–4, and a Set 2 game score was 15–7?
What lowest Bodyweight has a Snatch smaller than 55?
Which bodyweight has a Total (kg) of 145.0?
What's the Current Status of Livery of the Network South-East?
What's Number & Name listed for the Date 1967?
What is the average crowd size for an away team with a score of 13.12 (90)?
When was the game at Collingwood?
What is the away team score for the team that has a home team score of 19.13 (127)?
Where does Geelong play their home game?
In which venue was North Melbourne the Away team?
What was the home team's score at Corio Oval?
What did the home team score in the game where the Away team scored 11.11 (77)?
what is the lowest number of live births when the crude birth rate (per 1000) is more than 22.1, the crude death rate (per 1000) is less than 5.5, the average population (x1000) is 2,401, and the natural change is more than 45,272?
what is the crude birth rate (per 1000) when the natural change (per 1000) is more than 31.6 and the average population (x1000) is less than 1,802?
what is the average crude death rate (per 1000) when the live births is less than 72,400, the crude birth rate (per 1000) is more than 10 and the average population (x1000) is 2,518?
what is the crude birth rate (per 1000) when the crude death rate (per 1000) is less than 6.2, the average population (x1000) is larger than 2,770 and the natural change (per 1000) is 17.2?
What were the casulaties on the McKeesport, which had a tonnage larger than 5,136?
What were the casualties of the ship sunk by u-125?
What is the name of the ship sunk on 5 May 1943 from the United Kingdom sunk by an u-266 with 0 casualties?
What is the nationality of the ship with a tonnage larger than 5,507 sunk by an u-584?
Who loss the game when the record was 3-10?
What was the record on April 7?
What Object Type has a °03′32″ Declination (J2000)?
What Constellation has a 20h56m40s Right Ascension (J2000)?
What is the Right Ascension with a Diffuse Nebula Object Type has a °42′30″ Declination and a NGC less than 6995?
What Object Type has a 21h01m37.7s Right Ascension (J2000) and 6995 or greater NGC?
Tell me the average size for minor third
Who was the losing team on June 16?
What was the score of the game on June 28?
Who beat the Marlins with a score of 4-0?
What is the date of the game at the Pro Player Stadium that had a score of 4-1?
With 1.97 million HK viewers and a finale more than 33, what was the total number of peaks?
When were scottish football league xi the opponents with a score of 1-5?
What's the score on 17/03/1956?
When the result is d, who are the opponents?
What's the result when the score is 2-2?
What's in third place that's going 1-0?
Who is in third place when the kaizer chiefs won 1-0?
Which girls singles in 2012?
Which boys double was in 1998?
Which is the earliest year that had mixed doubles for wang wei lu ying?
What is the 2011 value that has ATP Masters Series in 2007?
What is the 2011 value that has a 2r in 2008 and a 4r in 2012?
What is the 2012 value with an A value in 2007 and A value in 2010 in the Canada Masters?
What is the 2012 value with 1r in 2011, 2007 of A, 2010 of 1r, and 2009 of A?
What is the 2007 value with NMS in 2011?
Christian Fittipaldi drove in what team?
What driver had a 15-20 record?
Who drove a race car with a Mercedes IC 108e engine and has an 8-10 record?
Which person drove a Reynard 2ki with a Honda Hrk engine?
What artist had a single called Alien Rock b/w Combat, The Remix on 12 inch Vinyl format?
What single was written by the artist cap D?
What date was the opponent in the final Virginie Pichet?
What time was game 7?
When the game was played at the Venue of Lake Oval, what was the home team score?
When the Venue was Glenferrie Oval, who is the Away team?
When North Melbourne is the Away team, what is the total number of the Crowd?
When Richmond is the Away team, what did they score?
When Geelong is the Away team, what did the Home team score?
Which race has a pole of test driver and a team name of Lucky Strike Honda Racing f1 team?
Which pole has a Season of 2009 and points of test driver?
What is the date of the tournament with 5 strokes as the margin of victory?
What is the margin of victory of the tournament on 15 Jul 2007?
What is the margin of victory of the tournament with a winning score of 70-67-64-71=272?
Tell me the average points with tyres of b and chassis of tf109
Tell me the total number of points with chassis of tf103
Which partners were runner-up in the tournament in Mons, Belgium?
What is the total track that is translated in brussels?
Which title has tracks smaller than 7 with translation of an island?
What is the record for Brussels translations?
The away team scored 15.9 (99) at what venue?
What's the largest crowd that attended a game at junction oval?
Who did mark eaton play for?
What position did someone play from 1982-84?
Who does jeremy evans play for?
What nationality is mark eaton, center position?
What's the position listed for the east carolina team?
What is the home/away of the game at Nickerson Field at July 10?
What is the date of the game away against Pride?
What is the result of the home game on August 14?
What is the date of the game against the Lizards with a result of w 18-17?
What is the field of the game on July 22?
Who had a disputed marriage?
On October 25, when the visitor was Colorado, what is the score?
How many voters were in Manhattan when 181,639 people voted in the Bronx?
When Richmond had a total count of 2,293, what was the total count of Brooklyn?
What is the average earnings of the player from the United States with a win smaller than 2 and a rank larger than 3?
What is the average events that Al Geiberger played with wins smaller than 1?
What is the rank where the events is 31?
What is the total number of events that Al Geiberger has played with earnings larger than 527,033?
What is the average events where the rank is smaller than 2 and wins are smaller than 5?
Who did team phoenix visit in their home?
What is the highest round in the Wec 25 match in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States?
What event had 1 round and a record of 6-2?
Which school has more than 3 rounds with jason odom?
Name the least evening gown for interview more than 7.97 and swimsui of 7.24
What is the nationality of Mattias Modig?
In the game where the home team was St Kilda, what was the attendance?
In the game with the venue of mcg, what was the attendance?
In the game that took place at junction oval, how much did the home team score?
In the game where the crowd was 11,327 and the hoem team scored 13.17 (95) How much did the away team score?
Who was the visiting team when the home team was Seattle?
What was the record on 12 march 2008?
Who was the home team on 27 march 2008?
What was the score when the mavericks were visitors?
What is the home city when the crowd is under 18060, and in the 2011/2012 season they were prima divisione/a play-off winners?
How many people attended games at alberto picco stadium?
What team finished 19th in serie a in 2011/2012?
What team is from terni?
What is the total attendance of the game with Toronto as the visitor team?
What position does tim barnett play?
I want the sum of number of seasons in top division for position in 2012-13 of 009 9th and number of seasons in premier league less than 3
How many tons was the ship from norway?
At what venue did the away team have a score of 16.8 (104)?
How many people were in attendance at Glenferrie Oval?
What was the away team score at Brunswick Street Oval?
What was Melbourne's away team score?
Who was the away team when the home team scored 18.20 (128)?
What is Adam Keefe's nationality?
Who is the player who went to Stanford?
What are the years on the Jazz for the player who is a combo forward?
What is the total for the state of new york and a swimsuit less than 9.394?
What is the greatest interview that has a swimsuit less than 8.838?
What is the lowest average that has a swimsuit less than 8.966, for west virginia and an evening gown less than 8.711?
What is the lowest swimsuit that has an evening gown bigger than 8.794 for illinois?
What day was the score 3-0 after 2011?
What day was the result a win, the score 2-1, and the year before 2012?
What is the highest amount of floors in Stockholm with a rank of 15?
What is the rank of Skanskaskrapan?
What is the rank of Point Hyllie?
How many bronzes for the nation with 2 golds and ranked below 2?
Who was the visitor when toronto was at home with over 17,019 attending?
What was the decision when montreal was at home?
What day is the team 17–24–5?
Who was the visitor on november 14 with leclaire recording the decision?
What day was St. Louis the visitor?
What club team is the United States player with an overall pick smaller than 142 from?
Which object type had an NGC number greater than 6357 and a declination (J2000) of °45′34″?
For the constellation scorpius and object of planetary nebula, what was the declination (J2000)?
What is the earliest year a red maple had a mintage over 15,000?
What is the issue price of a voyageur before 2006?
How many cowboy coins were minted?
What was the attendance of the South Melbourne away game?
What was the opponents score when Carlton played at home?
Who was the home team at MCG?
Tell me the HDD capacity for # FDD larger than 0 when FDD capacity is 710kb
I want to know the HP model with a #HDD of 1 of sides of ds
Tell me the command set with FDD capacity of 270kb and sides of ds with #FDD more than 1
what was the foundation of Politeknik Pagoh?
When the shares were less than 8, how many total viewers were there?
What is the lowest crowd when North Melbourne played at home?
Which home team has a crowd larger than 25,000?
What is the average crowd size where the away team scored 22.12 (144)?
What driver has a grid of under 10, and under 70 laps?
How many total laps for a grid of 3?
What is the average grid for giorgio pantano?
What is the Year 10 6th Quads for the Open 2nd VIII of ACGS and a Year 11 2nd VIII NC?
What is the Year 10 5th Quads with NC as Open 1st VIII and NC as a Year 10 3rd Quads?
What is the Open 1st VIII for the 2012 crew?
Who lost on July 20 with 42,607 attending?
On July 25 what is the lowest attendance with the Brewers as the opponent?
Tell me the high assists for orlando
Who was the presenter on Friday of the series in which Alice Levine Jamie East presented on Sunday?
In what series did Alice Levine Jamie East give a presentation on Saturday?
Who was the presenter on Thursday of the series in which Emma Willis was the presenter on Wednesday, and Alice Levine Jamie East was the presenter on Sunday?
On the series in which Emma Willis Jamie East presented on Friday, who was the presenter on Sunday?
Who was the presenter on Monday of "Big Brother 13" in which Alice Levine Jamie East presented on Sunday?
What state was the president who was elected earlier than 1848 born in?
What is the resident state for the president elected in 1864?
What is the election year of the president with a Birth State of lost connecticut?
Which ICAO's IATA is ath?
Which country's city is Sendai?
Which ICAO's city is Manchester?
Which airport is in Saudi Arabia when the ICAO is oejn?
Which IATA's ICAO is rjss?
Which country features Adelaide Airport?
What is the mean number of laps when the grid was 8?
What is the largest lap number when the time was +31.982?
What time was there when the bike was Ducati 999 F06 and the grid number was 15?
What is the total number of goals that Malaysia scored where they played more than 1 game, had more than 1 draw, lost fewer than 19 games, and had more than 3 goals scored against them?
What network is the Korean title of mbc 베스트극장 - 작은 도둑 on?
On what surface was the tournament with opponents kathleen horvath marcella mesker in the finals?
What is the date of the final that has a score of 3–6, 6–3, 6–4 and penny barg paula smith was the opponent?
How many people attended games at vfl park?
What is the away team's score when the Home team score is 17.14 (116)?
Who is the home side when geelong is the away side?
Which Country of origin has a Pick larger than 1 and a College named Far Eastern / PSBA?
Which Pick has the College named Far Eastern / PSBA?
When did Hawthorn play as the away team?
Which team played Footscray?
How many were in the crowd when North Melbourne was the home team?
Tell me the home team score for essendon
Tell me the Host interface for digital of dvb-t (cx22702) and model of nova-t pci (90002)
I want the model for digital of dvb-t (cx22702) and tuner of thomson dtt75105
I want the type for host interface of pci saa7146 tmx320av7111
I want the tuner for hybrid video recorder and Digital of dvb-t (zl10353), and a Model of hvr-900
Tell me the digital for tuner of thomson dtt75105
What did the home team score when the away team scored 12.8 (80)?
What's the Total number of Opening Weekend Net Gross that occured after the year 2012 with a Rank of 1?
Which Studio has the Year of 2012 listed and the Movie, Dabangg?
What's the sum of Opening Weekend Net Gross at the Studio of UTV Motion Pictures?
What's the total number of years with a Rank that smaller than 7, Studio of Red Chillies Entertainment, and Opening Weekend Net Gross of 52,93,00,000?
What is the number for evening gown in kansas with less than 9.357 interviews?
What state had less than 8.874 for swimsuit, less than 9.257 for evening gown, and less than 9.121 for interview?
What is the number for swimsuit when the interview number is less than 8.808?
What is the number for swimsuit when the evening gown number is larger than 9.257 and the interview number is 9.357?
What is the highest evening gown number in North Carolina with less than 9.214 interviews?
At what location was the time 1:54:21?
Which Athlete is from the United Kingdom?
Which country had des moines as the location in 2011?
What was the time for 2009?
Who was the opponent on June 29?
What was the 2010 result for a 2008 result of LQ and 2011 result of 2R?
What was the 2007 result for a 2008 result of 1R and 2009 result of 2R?
Which tournament had a 2010 result of A?
Which pick was Bill Bray?
From which school did the Minnesota Twins SS come from?
When playing at the Kardinia Park; what was the home teams score?
When Essendon played away; where did they play?
What date did the home team score 9.10 (64)?
What is the terminini of the highway with an east west direction and remarks that it was replaced by us 59?
What is the length of the highway with the route name sh 2?
What is the length of the highway with remarks that it was replaced by lp 20?
What is the length of the highway with remarks that it was replaced by bsi-35?
What is the length of the highway with junctions i-35 us 83 and named us 83 bus.?
What college has the Chicago Stags?
What college has the Chicago stags and position is G?
What is the name of the player with position of G and the team was the Washington Capitols?
What is the date of the inauguration with a Length of retirement of 00,624 days?
What largest bronze number has a gold number that is bigger than 1?
What is the sum number of bronzes when the rank is less than 2 and the gold is less than 1?
Which of the largest ranks has a bronze number less than 1, a silver of 1, and a total that is more than 1?
What is the Average for South Carolina with an Interview less than 9.626?
What is the highest interview for Louisiana with an average above 9.324?
What was the away score when there was a game at Junction Oval?
How many people were in the crowd when Carlton was the away team?
What was the date when the home team was Essendon?
What was the away score at the game at MCG?
Who wrote series number 99?
What was the original air date of a series number after 78, written by Jenee V. Giles?
When tennis has less than 2 bronze, what is the total number of Gold?
When volleyball has 2 bronze, what is the total number of silver?
When athletics has a total more than 2 and 0 gold, what is the total number of bronze?
Which is the most recent game with an attendance larger than 65,042?
Which name has an Order smaller than 997,more than 5 goals, and 215 games?
How many games have an Order of 1006, and Goals larger than 192?
Which game has an order larger than 975, Seasons of 2005 – 2007, and 46 goals?
What is the latest year in Annecy, France?
What's the Time/Retired of Ivan Capelli?
How many people attended the game on january 10 with a Score of 3 – 2?
How many attended the game with a Record of 21–22–2?
What is the team's record when the NY rangers are at home with atlanta visting and lehtonen getting the decision?
What was the time/retired for the driver with fewer than 23 laps and grid larger than 23?
How many laps by Jorge Lorenzo on the Aprilia with a grid bigger than 1?
Where was the game on March 11, 1999 played?
When were the British Grand Prix races?
What Canadian Grand Prix race winner had Didier Pironi in Pole Position?
Who was the Constructor for the Long Beach race with Niki Lauda as winner?
Tell me the average top 10 for cuts made less than 10, wins less than 1 and top 25 of 5
What is the prom with Hewitt class and a Height (m) of 715?
How many laps have a Time/Retired of + 4 laps, and a Driver of graham hill?
Which Time/Retired has less than 77 laps, and a Grid of 16?
Which Constructor has a Grid smaller than 24, more than 77 laps, and a Driver of jean-pierre beltoise?
What's the team of the player who went to lawrence tech?
Who drove the maserati under 18 laps with an oil leak that had a grid of under 14?
What is the average grid for jo siffert?
What nation has 1 bronze and 3 silvers?
How many total medals for the netherlands?
Which venue hosted an away team of Footscray?
What is the home team that hosted an away team with a score of 21.15 (141)?
Which player is from Murray State college?
Name the opponent in the final for year of 1888
I want the tournament for 1889
On what date is Isabel cueto the opponent in the final?
Which tournament has raffaella reggi listed as the opponent in the final?
What type of surface was used where the final score was 6–2, 6–3?
What was the record on April 22?
When was the game played against Southampton?
Which venue has 13,634 people in attendance?
When was Leyton Orient an away team?
What is the score on may 16?
What was the constructor for jo bonnier of 6 rounds?
What was the driver with chassis of t45 t44 and rounds of 7?
What place had a home team score 22.19 (151)?
What was the biggest crowd when the away team of south melbourne played there?
When did the home team score 12.17 (89)?
How many points did the home team score in the game that had the away team with a score of 13.18 (96)?
What was the score of the away team at princes park?
Who was the winner with a mountain stage type on 22 May?
Which course had a mountain stage type on 3 June?
What was the course type on 22 May?
What is the pick number of Jesse Alexander?
How many weeks do they have a bye?
Which title aired on 18 dec 2006- 10 feb 2007?
Which genre aired on 12 feb- 9 mar?
Which title had 20 episodes and aired on 11 jun- 6 jul?
Who was the opponent on September 17?
Which Opponent has a Date of september 28, 1951?
Which Attendance has a Date of november 18, 1951?
Name the Bore x stroke of 1929-32
Tell me the displacement for 1935-45
Tell me the power for 1935-45
I want the displacement for version of db
Tell me the version for 1940-45
What's the name of the competition in 8th position?
After 1979, where was the European Indoor Championships held?
Before 1979, what position was the European Indoor Championships?
What player is picked before 2?
What position do the bc lions pick?
Where has an ICAO of EPWA?
Where has an IATA of BVA?
When was the record 3-14-6?
What home team had a record of 4-16-7?
Which year was the film Rang Barse introduced?
What was the latest year for the film Gaon Ki Ganga?
Which film was released in the year 2002?
Name a music director, belonging to a year after 2003?
What is the average crowd when the team Collingwood was away?
What is the date that the away team scored 4.7 (31)?
What is the date of when the away team scored 19.19 (133)?
Name the first citicality for electric power of 1,380 mw
What constructor has an engine of cosworth cr-2 and a driver of luciano burti?
What is the tyre for the peugeot a20 engine?
Which entrant had a constructor of benetton - playlife?
Which entrant had a mugen-honda mf-301 he engine?
What's the chassis for alexander wurz's playlife fb02 engine?
What's the rounds for jenson button with a bmw e41 engine?
What is the result for pfc: put up or shut up?
What is the production code of the episode written by Gary Sturgis that is bigger than season number 23 and smaller than series number 126?
Which rounds had the B195 chassis?
Who was the driver of the Ford EDB 3.0 v8 engine?
I want the highest grid for Laps of 38
Tell me the constructor for Grid more than 4 and drivers being heinz-harald frentzen
What is Ivaiporã, pr's biggest population?
Which is the smallest First year when the population is 32,645?
Which Jushin Liger has a Super Shocker of liger (13:59)?
Which Masaaki Mochizuki has a Gran Hamada of hamada (10:47)?
Which Tatsuhito Takaiwa has a Koji Kanemoto of liger (20:29)?
Which Gran Hamada has a Block A of tatsuhito takaiwa?
Which Jushin Liger has a Gran Hamada of kendo kashin?
Which Jushin Liger has a Masaaki Mochizuki of kashin (10:00)?
What is the code for Saint-Damien in Matawinie with a type p?
What is the name for the regional county municipality of d'autray and a code less than 52017?
Which Delivery has a Name of quince?
Which Elevation + Height has a Delivery of barge and a Location of bikini, yurochi aka irioj (dog)?
Which Purpose has a Location of enewetak, runit (yvonne) and the Name of cactus?
Which Purpose has a Name of oak?
What Location has a Delivery of barge and the Name of scaevola?
Which Purpose has an Elevation + Height of 0 + metres (ft), a Location of bikini, namu (charlie), and a Yield of 220 kt?
Who was the colour commmentator that broadcasted along with the Play-by-play of bob cole?
Which network had the host of john wells?
Who manufactured the vehicle withdrawn after 1932?
Who manufactured the vehicle that was withdrawn in 1927?
What is the total number of losses for the Team of Montreal with Goals For larger than 29?
What is the average Goals For for a team that has more Wins than 8?
What is the largest number of Games Played with Losses of 3, and more Wins than 5?
What are the number of Ties for games with Goals Against smaller than 33?
What is the number of Goals For for Games Played more than 8?
What party is class 1 in wisconsin?
What state was maria cantwell born in after 1955?
Name the sum of Laps for lance reventlow with grid more than 16
Tell me the constructor that has 35 Laps with a grid more than 5
What is the total number of Grids for Chuck Daigh?
What party is Marie-Dominique Simonet part of?
Which vehicle has a Diagram of 516 or smaller, and a driving motor brake second (dmbs) type.
What's the lowest total when the floor exercise is less than 36.724 and the rank is lower than 8?
What is the average number scored in a friendly at kryoia soveto, moscow?
What is the home teams score when north melbourne is the away team?
What is the highest crowd when fitzroy is the home team?
What is the lowest crowd when essendon is the away team?
On what date was essendon the away team?
What is the year when chief justice Mark Cady was appointed/elected?
What is the expiring term for Daryl Hecht when the appointing governor is Tom Vilsack?
Which person has an expiring term of December 31, 2020, and has Terry Branstad as the appointing governor?
What is the party affiliation of Thomas D. Waterman, whose appointing governor is Terry Branstad?
Who has a term that expires on December 31, 2020 and Terry Branstad for an appointing governor?
What team picked 80?
What is the away team that plays at Punt Road Oval?
What date did Footscray play and Away game?
Name the average total for tournament less than 0
Name the highest total for the tournament more than 0 and regular season after 8
What was the number in attendance for the Detroit Lions game?
Which date had 67,472 in attendance?
Who was the opponent team on September 30, 1990?
What was the team record by Week 8?
Which week has Game site of Candlestick Park?
What is the attandance figure on October 7, 1990?
What driver was the winner when constructor was Maserati at the Monaco grand prix?
What circuit did Juan Manuel Fangio have the fastest lap at the german grand prix?
What circuit was for the german grand prix?
What is the total attendance for Detroit on hasek?
What was the method used when the opponent was Tyson Griffin?
Who wins the clive churchill medal when the losing team is the sydney roosters in 2010?
What is the grand final date for the game with a score or 30-24?
who is the home team when the home team score is 6.17 (53)?
What competition in 2003 has a score of 2–1?
What is the score of a year less than 2008 with loss as the result, in Antalya and a Competition of europe/africa zone, group i, round robin?
What date was the Competition of europe/africa zone, group i, round robin, with a result of loss, in Antalya, and a Score of 1–2?
Where did Essendon play as the away team?
Which team has a Losses value larger than 1 and a Wins value smaller than 0?
In guangzhou, who won the game with a score of 1-0?
On 2006-03-13 in the algarve cup, who won?
Who won on 2007-04-14
Name the record when the visitor is mavericks
Name the date when the visitor is nets
What college did john sullivan attend?
What is the average for the RB with an 8 yard long?
How many yards for the RB with over 4 carries, 2 TDs, and a long greater than 8?
What is the average evening gown score of the contestant from New York with a swimsuit score less than 8.703 and preliminaries larger than 8.292?
What is the preliminaries of the contestant from Massachusetts with an evening gown higher than 8.631, an average less than 8.791, and an interview higher than 8.608?
What is the preliminaries of the contestant with a swimsuit less than 8.948 and an interview of 8.997?
What is the lowest interview of the contestant with an evening gown bigger than 9.343?
What is the evening gown score of the contestant from the District of Columbia with preliminaries smaller than 8.647?
who is the driver that has laps more than 35 and the constructor is ferrari?
What is the Team with a Date with december 11?
What is the Score with a Team with @ houston?
What is the High points with a Team with boston?
What is the Record with a Date with december 9?
Whose reign ended in Egypt?
Whose reign ended in Afghanistan after 3 days?
Whose reign began in Vietnam and ended in October 1005?
When did Pharaoh Seth's reign end?
What did the home team score at MCG?
What did the away team score in the game with a crowd size larger than 22,000?
What was the largest crowd size at a South Melbourne home game?
What is the record on august 18?
Name the score on august 1
how many times was the points 18?
what is the number of points when the place is less than 7, the draw is more than 2 and the artist is piece of cake?
Who was the Constructor when the Grid was 2?
What is the time/retired of Driver Masten Gregory Carroll Shelby when the constructor was Maserati, the Grid was larger than 10 and there were more than 2 laps?
What was the average grid at the time Vanwall was constructor and there were 17 laps?
Who wins with a score 7–6(4), 6–4
Who is the Runner-up in Tournament of seiersberg
Who constructed the car that retired due to brakes with a grid larger than 17?
How many laps for grid 25?
What is the time/retired for the car with over 9 laps and a grid of 6?
Which Mac OSX's GNU/Linux was yes when Windows was no?
Which Mac OSX had no haiku and a client that was dc++?
Which GNU/Linux had no haiku and a client of airdc++?
Which client had no GNU/Linux?
How many laps for grid 12?
Who built the 21 grid car that retired due to suspension?
What is the low rank for hale irwin with under 32 wins?
How much has dave stockton earned?
Which team has an away team score of 9.11 (65)?
When was the game at Princes Park?
Which team has an away team score of 9.11 (65)?
What was Collingwood's away team score?
If the season is before 2000, the runner up was north melbourne, and it's the pre-season cup, what's the sum of attendees?
What were the original teams for the season that was won by Danni Allen?
What were the original teams for the season that was won at-home by Mark Pinkhasovich?
Who won the season when Pete Thomas was the At-Home winner?
What was the premiere date of the season won by Matt Hoover?
What is the name of the season won by John Rhode?
What were the original teams for The Biggest Loser (Season 1)?
In what venue did the 1982 FIFA World Cup Qualification take place?
In what venue was the 1978 FIFA world cup qualification played in?
When did the home team score 13.11 (89)?
Who did the Red Sox play against on July 8?
What was the loss for the game on July 1 with an attendance more than 35,621?
Tell me the lowest goals for second row and points more than 12
I want the lowest points for tries of 39 and goals more than 0
Who was the opponent at Baum Stadium on April 6?
How many people were in attendance on March 4?
On March 23, what is the site/stadium?
On what date was Kentucky the opponent, and Ragle lost?
Which site/stadium was the score 1-2?
Who was the opponent at Lindsey Nelson Stadium?
Who wrote the title "Parting Glances" ?
Which pick number resulted in a defensive end?
In the game where the home team is collingwood, what is the score of the away team?
Which date has a game where the away team had a score of 10.8 (68)?
What is the size of the biggest crowd for a game where Fitzroy was the away team?
Which team had an away score of 15.14 (104)?
On which date did Footscray play an away game?
If the Away team score was 13.20 (98), what was the Home team they played?
If the Home team was st kilda, what was the score of the Away team they played?
When the Home team of geelong played, what was their lowest Crowd number?
Which Away team played when they had a Crowd of over 29,000 people?
What is the average of the player with 124 yards and less than 13 rec.?
On September 25, 1994 what was the final score?
On the final date of April 5, 1995, what was the score?
Who was Geelong's home opponent?
What is the date against the Tampa bay Storm?
What's the result when the kickoff was 4:00 and the record was 4-8?
Who was the opponent for the giants stadium game?
What date had a kickoff of 1:00 and a result of l 27-14?
When was the record 3-3?
When the result was l 13-7 ot, who was the opponent?
What model number had a chipset of intel q43?
What is the form factor with a model name of precision m50?
Whas is the released date of the memory type ddr2-667?
What is the memory type with a form factor of 15.4", and a Model of precision m65?
what is the release date of the model precision m60?
What away team played at VFL Park with more than 10,530 spectators?
What away team has more than 23,365 spectators and Carlton as the home team?
Which away team scored 10.5 (65)?
What is the home score with an away team of 9.17 (71)?
What is the record of the game with Rudy Gay (20) as the leading scorer?
What is the visitor team of the game with Rudy Gay (18) as the leading scorer?
What is the score on the 1 December 2007 game?
What is the score of the game with Grizzlies as the visitor team on 30 December 2007?
What is the lowest draw that has 5 losses and byes greater than 0?
What is the lowest draw that is greater than 0 and byes greater than 0?
What is the total number of byes that has 13 losses and wins less than 5?
What is the total number of byes that has 1 draw and an against of 1374?
What is the total number of byes that has 11 wins and a Tallangatta DFL of Barnawartha?
When did the Summer Olympics occur in Tokyo?
What is the Current status of Callander Coal company grey?
When was the livery of Kinneil Sandy Red?
What is the name and number in 1962 when livery was Br Bauxite?
What is the name and number in 1964?
What is the description for the livery Br Grey?
Which is least lap is mika salo in?
What time is grid 7 in?
What was the score of cook 3/6?
What is the Chassis having a year later than 1990, and Minardi Scuderia Italia as an entrant, and 4 points?
Name the player with TD's more than 1 and long less than 24 with avg less than 11.4
Which gender had a decile of more than 1 and featured the South Auckland Seventh-Day Adventist School?
Which name has an authority of state?
Which decile features Mayfield School?
What was the record on July 28?
How many people attended on July 5?
Which production won the drama desk award as well as the category of outstanding sound design?
Who was nominated for outstanding director of a musical?
In what year was Terry Johnson nominated for a Tony award?
What year was there a Tony award category of Best Revival of a Musical?
What is the crowd size of the Away team, Fitzroy?
Which Away team uses Princes Park as it's venue?
What was the lowest Crowd Size for the Home Team of North Melbourne?
What was the attendance when St Kilda played as the away team?
Tell me the opponent for winner of bc 2
Tell me the score for opponent of holy cross and result of push
Tell me the score on 1978-12-16
Tell me the result for 1979-01-17
I want the result for winner of bc 3
What is the save when Yankees are the opponents on July 25?
What score occurred when the save was ||27,108||63–44?
What is the resulting loss when a save is ||12,838||48–35?
On what date did a save of ||54,918||50–36 occur?
What was the score when a save of ||25,354||63–43 occurred?
Name the highest revenue for employees of 95,175 and rank less than 8
Tell me the average goals with apps less than 3
What is the Time/Retired for a Grid smaller than 10, a Laps larger than 20, and a Constructor of talbot-lago - talbot?
What is the high grid total for maserati?
What is the high grid total for maserati with under 35 laps?
What is the Pole Position of the Brazilian Grand Prix race?
Who was the winner of the race in monza?
What Away team had a score of 8.13 (61)?
What position for chris moreno?
When was brian lemay born?
Tell me the player for 7 round
Which Superfund site has the CERCLIS ID fld980494959?
Which site has the CERCLIS ID fld004092532?
What is the CERCLIS ID of the site in Polk County, with the date 08/04/2009?
When is the tournament of konica san jose classic?
Which tournament had a playoff with a margin of victory?
Who was the runner up in the konica san jose classic Tournament?
What was the highest crowd size at the Western Oval?
Which name had an order number of 1?
Who was the entrant for Gabriele Tarquini with all rounds and a JH24 JH25 Chassis?
Who was the entrant for Gary Brabham?
Who constructed Aguri Suzuki's car?
What was the highest average point rating for a modern suspense show with 21 episodes?
Where was the game with the result of 22-20 played?
Where was the game with a higher score than 1 played?
What tournament did the Crusaders play in?
What was the home score at Lake Oval?
What is the highest metal total when there are 2 Gold medals, 0 Bronze metals, and the rank is smaller than 2?
What is the total number of silver medals when there are 0 Bronze medals, and the nation is the United Kingdom?
What is the highest rank when the metal total is 1 and the nation is the United Kingdom?
What is the lowest metal total when the Bronze metals are larger than 0, the Gold medals are smaller than 1, and the nation is Switzerland?
What is the highest Bronze medal count when the Gold medals are larger than 1 and the silver are smaller than 0?
When was the swiss grand prix?
What was the circuit for alberto ascari josé froilán gonzález?
Name the date of the italian grand prix
Name the constructor for the belgian grand prix
Name the date for the italian grand prix
Who's the opposition at westpac stadium when the attendance is 31,853?
When was the opposition sydney fc on round 19?
What round was adelaide united the opposition with an attendance of 18,345?
Who was the opposition at 11,682 excl. exhibition match?
What round has an attendance of 12,127?
What is the result against everton?
François Gendron was in which party?
The deputy that left office in 2003 took office in which year?
Which deputy took office in 1976?
Which film took place in 2000?
Which song named Tan Dun was nominated?
In which venue did the away team score 23.15 (153)?
Who was the constructor when the grid was 11?
How many laps were completed by Piers Courage when BRM was the constructor and the grid is larger than 8?
What is the short name for a channelgreater than 63.4?
For the channel smaller than 63.2, what was the programming?
Tell me the horse with faults of 0 when the total is 4.1
Tell me the horse when the faults are 9 and the total is 46.36
Tell me the highest total when the horse is spender s
Name the round 1 +2A points for horse of poncorde
Name the total number of total when round 1 +2A points of 19.620
Which Home team has an Away team of melbourne?
Which Crowd has an Away team score of 11.7 (73), and an Away team of hawthorn?
What is the away team at corio oval?
What is the away team at lake oval?
Which home team has an Away team score of 19.12 (126)?
What is the away team score with geelong home team?
What is the home team score when the home team is Collingwood?
What is the name of the away team when the home team score is 7.12 (54)?
What is the date of the game when the venue is Princes Park?
What position does the player from texas a&m play?
What is the time for 18 laps and 5 grids?
On which date was the Dodge Dealers Grand Prix GTS class race?
Which race was on the Las Vegas Motor Speedway for 2 hours?
Which class was on the Las Vegas Motor Speedway for 2 hours?
What circuit was on June 1 with a class of both?
Which date was a GTS class on the Mosport International Raceway?
What is the average prom (m) when the height (m) is more than 733, the class is Hewitt, and the peak is Kirk Fell East Top?
Which venue did North Melbourne play away with a crowd greater than 30,000?
What did the away team score when the home team scored 23.13 (151)?
What college picked someone from The Episcopal Academy?
Which home team scored 9.13 (67)?
When was the game at Moorabbin Oval?
Who did Hawthorn play against at their home match?
What is the highest rank of the player who played 30 events and made less than $2,708,005?
What season has a 6th north finish and more than 21 points?
What language does Raj Kamal speak?
What 1972 Hindi film had Ravindra Jain directing the music?
What 1979 Hindi film had Ravindra Jain directing music?
Which driver has a # smaller than 40, less than 151 points, and Winnings of $84,400?
Which driver has less than 61 points, but winnings of $67,675?
Which driver has the highest point total after winning $133,386?
What is the average round for martin havlat?
When the points are less than 65 what is the drop #?
Who had points less than 73 and drop more than 0?
Who was part of Club Munster with 1 try?
Who was the Visitor when the Home team was Anaheim on the Date of April 12?
What was the Decision on April 18?
What did the team score when playing south melbourne at home?
Which away team scored 17.7 (109)?
Which team lives in mcg?
What was the crowd size when st kilda played home?
At what venue did the away team score 12.9 (81) with a crowd larger than 12,786?
What is the home field of the South Melbourne team?
For the player from Finland, what is the highest overall pick rank?
what is the least laps when the driver is rolf stommelen and the grid is more than 18?
what is the most laps with a grid of 20?
With a North Melbourne away team, what is the average crowd?
Which venue does Fitzroy play as an away team?
In the game at Glenferrie Oval, what is the home team score?
In the game against Essendon at home, what did the away team score?
What's the highest lowest number of capacity that ibrox stadium has when the average is larger than 49,143?
What's the lowest highest capacity that has a lowest capacity larger than 4,086 people, and a current capacity of 14,209, and an average capacity smaller than 8,530?
Which role had thulasidas direction?
Which role did joemon play before 1991?
What is the number of wins that has a top-10 of 2, and more events than 8, more cuts than 6?
What is the highest number of wins that has a top-25 of 13 and events less than 32?
What is the number of Tournament of U.S. Open wins with a Top-25 smaller than 4?
For the week 1 show and order 2, what was the theme?
Which Player has an Overall of 126?
Which Player has a Nationality of united states, and an Overall of 61 (from boston)?
Which Round has a Club team of brandon wheat kings (whl)?
What was the position of the team Minneapolis Lakers during round T?
What was the pick for the game at the College of Kentucky with the team Washington Capitols?
What was the pick for round 2 with the team Indianapolis Olympians?
How many points does Draw 5 have?
Where did the artist All Mixed Up place?
The song "Before the Clock Strikes 12" has 55 points. What number did the song place?
What's the score of Game 2?
Can you tell me the Place that has the Score of 70-67-69-69=275?
Can you tell me the sum of Money ($) that has the Score of 69-72-67-71=279, and the Player of loren roberts?
Can you tell me the Country that has the Score of 69-72-67-71=279?
Who is the driver whose car was constructed by Renault and whose Q1 pos is greater than 2?
Who was the constructor of the car that had a Q1 pos of less than 8 and a Q1 time of 1:15.038?
What is the Q1+Q2 time for the driver whose Q1 time was 1:14.819, ?
What is the Q1+Q2 time for the driver whose Q1 order was 13?
For what round was the opponent nikola ćirić dušan vemić?
What was the surface when the result was 6–7 (6–7) , 7–6 (9–7) , 6–7 (4–7) , 7–5, 3–6?
What is the score of the player from fiji?
What is the place of the player with a 70-66-67=203 score?
Who is the player with a t6 place?
What is the place of player john cook?
What is the country of the player with a 70-71-68=209 score?
How many casualties were in the earthquake with an unknown intensity and an epicenter in the bouïra province?
What is the magnitude of the earthquake with an epicenter in biskra province?
What is the epicenter of the earthquake on March 2, 1825 with an unknown intensity?
What is the epicenter on January 1, 1965?
What date was the winning driver Antonio Ascari?
What date was the name Coppa Acerbo?
What date was the Tigullio Circuit?
What date was the Madonie Circuit?
What surface was the tournament played on against Steven Diez?
What date was the game played on the hard surface at the Tournament of Sweden f2?
What was the playing surface for the Tournament of Great Britain F16?
Which Attendance has a Result of 1-0, and a Venue of A, and an Opponent of newcastle united?
What's the position of the player with a Height of 2.06 and club of Triumph Lyubertsy?
What's the total average when there are less than 107 points, 1988-89 was 33, and 1989-90 was 36?
How many points were there when the average was 0.763 and the played was less than 76?
What is the median household income in Valley County?
What is the per capita income with more than 2,466 households and a median family income of $53,940?
WHAT ARE THE BYES WITH A WIN SMALLER THAN 16, 8 LOSSES, AND AT PENSHURST, WITH AGAINST SMALLER THAN 1405?
WHAT ARE THE BYES WITH A DRAWS OF 1, SMW ROVERS, AND WINS LARGER THAN 6?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST AGAINST WITH LOSSES SMALLER THAN 17, DRAWS LARGER THAN 1?
WHAT IS THE HIGHEST WINS WITH AGAINST SMALLER THAN 924, LOSSES SMALLER THAN 2?
What is the score for the 2nd leg when Belasica is team 2?
When Cementarnica is team 2 what is the aggregate score?
What is the Year born (Age) for the player who plays Position C for the Alba Berlin club?
What is the height of Patrick Femerling, of the Alba Berlin club?
What is the Year born (Age) for the player who is taller than 2.04 and currently plays for the Los Angeles Clippers?
What is the position for the player from the Alba Berlin club who is taller than 1.96 and whose ear born (Age) is july 23, 1985 (age28)?
What is the against for 17/02/1979?
On 24/11/1979, what is the opposing teams?
Where was the venue for 24/11/1979?
What is the status for 24/11/1979?
What is the tournament with a clay surface and sofia shapatava as the opponent?
What is the tournament on 5 October 2004?
What is the score on 5 October 2004?
What was the result in 2009 for the US Open Tournament?
For the Australian Open, in 2007 the result was A, but what was the result in 2012?
What was the result in the 2012 for the US Open tournament?
WHAT IS THE ENDS IN 2007 AND NAMED MILITO?
Portugal has how many total number of medals when there is 1 gold medal, and bronze medals are greater than 0?
Spain with a total of more than 4 medals is in what rank?
How many tries for were there 48 points?
What is the played for tries for 50?
Which club has 77 points?
What is the tries for when the points against is 214?
In what title did he act in 1940?
What is the title of the work where the role was Molly O'Day?
What is the role in an original play, comedy in 1938?
What is the series 3 with gavin duffy in series 5?
What is the series 4 with sarah newman in series 1?
What is the series 3 with more than 4 seats?
What is the total number of seats with gavin duffy in series 4?
What is the highest points of the club with less than 9 draws, 11 wins, and more than 40 goals?
What club has less than 10 losses, less than 55 goals, and 13 wins?
What is the lowest position of the club with 53 goals against, 26 points, and a -11 goal difference?
What is the highest number of losses of club cf calvo sotelo, which has more than 31 goals against, 38 goals for, and less than 30 played?
What is the average position of club burgos cf, which has more than 42 goals against and more than 14 losses?
What is the lowest Pick, when Draft is less than 1991, and when Player is "Tom Sasso Category:Articles with hCards"?
What is Draft, when Round is "9", when Pick is "171", and when Player is "Dan Wiebe Category:Articles with hCards"?
What is Pick, when Round is "6", when Nationality is "Canada", when Draft is greater than 1983, and when Player is "Ed Ward Category:Articles with hCards"?
What is the average number of metres for the Dzelzavas Street 74?
What was the score for the game played on October 16, with an attendance of 14,945 and a decision of Raycroft?
What Date has a Rank of 2?
What Result has a Location of atlanta, and Rank smaller than 4?
What is the smallest Result with a Location of birmingham, and Rank larger than 5?
What is the highest total when there is less than 1 championship?
What is the smallest championship when the FA Cup is 0 and the League Cup is 1?
What was the result in 2013 in the tournament whose 2010 result was q2?
In which tournament was the 2012 result 1r and the 2013 result 3r?
What was the result in 2011 for the French Open tournament?
What is the 2000 figure when 2010 is 3R and 2001 is A?
What is the 2005 figure when 2002 is A and 2010 is 3R?
Partner Aurelija Misevičiūtė had an outcome of runner-up in what tournament?
The tournament with the opponent of Kelly De Beer Eva Pera was played on what date?
The tournament with a partner listed as Aurelija Misevičiūtė had what kind of surface?
How many goals scored have utenis utena as the club, with wins less than 8?
How many points have utenis utena as the club, with loses less than 16?
How many loses have points greater than 30, goals scored greater than 59, with a position greater than 5?
What country has the label Control?
What is the catalogue number for Brazil?
What is the country when the date shows October 24, 2008?
What is the country for Sony / Sony Bmg?
What country that has LP as a format?
What is the nationality of the person drafted to Position F from Kentucky State?
In which round was Position G  from the United States drafted as Pick 13 in 1971-1 1971?
What was the pick number for the person from the United States who as drafted to the SF position from North Carolina?
In which year was the Pick #46?
Which week 1 had a week 2 of Mandy Lynn?
Which week 1 had a week 2 of Claudia Nathalia?
Which week 3 had a week 1 of Kristy Dwyer?
Which week 4 had a week 3 of Cidney Carson?
Which week 2 had a week 3 of Cidney Carson?
Which 2012–13 has a 2013–14 of 2.750?
Which Coefficient has a 2009–10 of 6.166?
Which EL places have a 2010–11 of 15.666?
Which EL places have a Rank 2013 of 15?
Which 2009–10 has a Rank 2013 of 18?
What is the total for the year (s) won in 1977?
What is the total to par with a total of 163?
What is the total for a to par bigger than 7 and a player of al geiberger?
What is the 1 vs 2 when 2 vs 3 is less than 15 and total is less than 30?
What is 1 vs 2 when total is more than 28 and 2 vs 3 is 8?
What is the total when 2 vs 3 is less than 15 and 1 vs 3 is 7?
What is the 2 vs 3 when total is bigger than 38?
What is the total when preferences is c > b > a and 1 vs 2 is less than 15?
Which Year(s) won has a Total smaller than 276? Question 1
Who Player has a Finish of 74?
Which To par has a Player of tom watson?
Name the Finish which has a Total of 287?
What is the round where there was a KO (punch)?
What event was a loss in 5:00?
What is the location of the Conquista Fight 1?
What is the time where the record is 10-1?
What is the record when the time is 1:11?
What's the total loss for a GP-GS of 8-8 and a gain less than 416?
What's the total long for more than 24 loss, a gain over 273, and an avg/g of 207.8?
What's the total long for an avg/g over 0.2, fewer than 2 loss, and a gain less than 8?
What's cameron dantley's total avg/g for loss less than 35?
What's the lowest avg/g for a GP-GS of 12-12 and a gain less than 16?
What player has 1 as the place?
What is the lowest score that has t10 as the place, with Ireland as the country?
What is Record, when Date is "April 24"?
What is Visitor, when Date is "April 24"?
What is Date, when Record is "1-1"?
What is Record, when Home is "New York Rangers", and when Date is "April 17"?
What is Record, when Visitor is "Chicago Black Hawks", and when Date is "April 17"?
What is Score, when Record is "4-1"?
What player won 1985?
What's spain's highest total?
What's the average to par for lee trevino?
How much Jury has an Artist of chalice & maagiline kuues, and a Draw smaller than 5?
What is the pre-release when the developer is no?
What is the developer when the 1.2 is 341s0297 thru 300?
Who is the developer when the pre-release is no*?
What is the KINKA 1.2 when the pre-release is no and the developer is yes?
What is the KINKA 1.3 when the developer is yes and the support version is support mo 230?
Which version has a KINKA pre-release of no*?
WHAT IS THE LOWEST NANQUAN WITH A RANK BIGGER THAN 2, TOTAL LESS THAN 18.36 AND SMALLER THAN 8.85?
WHAT IS THE AVERAGE NANGUN WITH A RANK LARGER THAN 2, TOTAL OF 17.85?
WHAT IS THE TOTAL WITH A NANQUAN OF 9.72, RANK BIGGER THAN 3, NANGUN SMALLER THAN 9.5?
What is the date of the ship with a tonnage greater than 8,017?
What ship has a norway nationality?
What is the fate of the ship on 26 April 1942?
What is the highest tonnage of the ship from norway?
How many households have a Median household income of $43,889?
Which Population has a Median family income of $53,946?
What is on at 1:30pm before One Life to Live at 2:00pm?
What is on at 2pm on the channel that shows The View at 11am?
What is on at 2pm on the channel that shows The New Batman/Superman Adventures at 4:30pm?
What is on at 6:30 on the channel that plays The New Batman/Superman Adventures at 4:30?
What is the 9am program on the channel that shows Power Rangers in Space at 4pm?
What is the 5pm show on the channel where 11am is Local Programs and 7am is Tiny Toon Adventures?
Which Circuit has an Event of international procar meeting?
Which Circuit has a Winning Driver of hans-joachim stuck, and a Round of 3?
Which Winning Driver has a Circuit of circuit zandvoort?
Which Winning Driver has a Round of 9?
Which Round has an Event of 200 miles of norisring?
Which Winning Driver has an Event of 200 miles of norisring?
What is the average pick in 1983?
What is the average year of the montreal expos?
What is the total pick number of the los angeles dodgers, which has a lhp position before 1979?
What ship was built in 2012?
What ship was built in 2012?
What is the total of built with a flag of panama?
What tonnage was built in 2007?
What operator has a ship costa pacifica?
Who is the opponent on November 1?
What is the pick for round 8 with a USA nationality in the 2000 draft?
What is the round of player brad winton with a draft before 1983 and a pick less than 132?
What is the pick of player don waddell from round 7?
What is the average pick of player josh green from Canada from round 2 with a draft after 1996?
What is the lowest draft of player justin martin from the USA?
What event is defending champion the total?
The event WC Rio De Janeiro with a total of 16 has what as rank points?
Who is the shooter at the WC Rio De Janeiro event with 10 rank points?
What years did New Zealand win?
What player had a total less than 277?
What country had a total less than 291 and a 4 Finish?
Name the Score of Tournament of portugal f1, faro , portugal?
Which Outcome has a Surface of clay, and a Tournament of morocco f5, rabat , morocco?
Which Outcome that has a Tournament of milan , italy?
Which Date has a Tournament of milan , italy?
Which Tournament has a Opponent of piero luisi?
What date was the game with the away team york city?
What date did the home game for peterborough united take place?
What is the Venue of the 2002 World Cup Qualification?
What is the Venue with the Friendly Competition?
What is the score when Li Na was the opponent?
Who was the opponent on 19 February 2011?
How many goals against did Clitheroe have when the loss was larger than 2?
What was the highest position for Rossendale United when the played was larger than 34?
When was the earliest with 4 seasons?
What was the result of week 13?
What is the score of the game with 22 points and the capitals as the opponent?
What is the sum of the attendance on November 16?
What is the years record stood from the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1902?
What Scores by each individual judge has a Status of eliminated, and a Date performed of august 13?
What Scores by each individual judge has a Total score/week of 51/60, and a Co-contestant (Yaar vs. Pyaar) of tina sachdev?
What Co-contestant (Yaar vs. Pyaar) has a Total score/week of 48/60, and a Date performed of august 14?
What Date performed has a Scores by each individual judge of 10 + 10 + 10 = 30, and a Main contestant of karanvir bohra?
What Status has a Date performed of august 13, and a Position of safe?
What Scores by each individual judge has a Status of current, and a Co-contestant (Yaar vs. Pyaar) of krushna abhishek?
Which Number of electorates (2009) has a District of jhajjar, and a Reserved for (SC/ST/None) of sc, and a Constituency number smaller than 66?
What is the highest rank of the athlete with a Taijiquan higher than 9.64 and a total more than 19.69?
What is the lowest Taijiquan of the athlete who has a Taijijian of 9.7 and a total more than 19.34?
What are the years that had someone nominated for best supporting actress?
What's the nominee for best supporting actress?
What is the Tie no of the game with a Score of 1–1?
What is the Score of the Burnley Home game?
What is the Away team when Arsenal is the Home team?
What is the Date of Tie no 3?
Which opponent has a record of 3–1?
What event has a Record of 4–2?
Which Opponent has a Time of 0:38?
What was the score when the result was win, in Helsinki, competition was friendly?
What competition has a Score of 7–0?
What date has a result of win, in a friendly competition in Porto?
Who has the city Santiago?
What is the score for Set 2 at 15:21?
What Set 2 has a set one at 19:21?
What is the score for Set 1 at 19:21?
What is the Set 1 with set 2 at 21:17?
What Result F – A has a League position of 2nd, and Opponents of liverpool?
What League position has a Result F – A of 2 – 0, and Opponents of queens park rangers?
What is the smallest Attendance with H / A of h, and Opponents of nottingham forest?
What country has a place of 4?
What did the United States score in the T5?
What was the to par at the T5 for the player with a score of 74-69-66=209?
Where did Trinidad and Tobago play?
What was the to par for the game with a score of 74-69-66=209?
Where is Eduardo Romero from?
In what city is the Estonian University of Life Sciences located?
What is the abbreviation for the University of Tartu?
What place is Fred Funk in?
What is Score, when Away Team is "Thame United"?
What is Score, when Attendance is "76", and when Home Team is "Meir Ka"?
What is Tie No, when Score is "Marlow United won 4–2 on penalties"?
What is Home Team, when Attendance is "112", and when Away Team is "Kentish Town"?
What was the April 7, 2008 score on a clay surface?
What date was the score 6–3, 3–6, 6–0?
What is the highest enrollment for an unversity whose nickname is the Golden Bears and had fewer than 32 NCAA championships as of July 4, 2012?
What is 17th c., when American is "ə"?
What is British, when 17th c. is "ɛi"?
What is 17th c., when Australian is "i, ɪ, ə", and when Examples is "œsophagus"?
What is Australian, when Examples is "amœba, anemone, ascesis"?
What is British, when Australian is "i, ɪ, ə", and when Examples is "œsophagus"?
What is Australian, when Examples is "elysium, emeritus, epitome, erotica"?
Which report had a circuit of Cagliari?
Which name had the circuit Monza?
What day was the circuit Isle of Man?
What is the 2nd leg for the team 2 Milano?
What was the position of the player picked at 243?
Who was the visitor when the record was 24–14–2?
On what date was the score 6–4?
What was the score on February 17?
What is the total number of Silver, when Gold is "1", and when Bronze is less than 0?
What is the highest Bronze, when Nation is "South Africa", and when Total is less than 20?
What is the highest Silver, when Gold is "8", and when Total is greater than 31?
What is the total number of Silver, when Gold is less than 34, when Rank is "6", and when Total is greater than 10?
What is Bronze, when Silver is less than 89, and when Total is "4"?
What's the production time with more than 2.737 built and a 280s model?
What's the total number built with a chassis code of w108.057?
What's the chassis code for the 280s model?
What is the lowest Jianshu number for Liu Yang ( hkg )?
What is the lowest rank when Jianshu is smaller than 9.66, for Richard Devine ( gbr ), with a total smaller than 19.02?
What is the number of Jianshu when the total is more than 19.16, for Nguyen Huy Thanh ( vie ), and Qiangshu is more than 9.66?
What is the number of Qiangshu when rank is less than 10, with a total of 18.97, and Jianshu is larger than 9.51?
Can you tell me the Place that has the Country of australia, and the Player of ian baker-finch?
Can you tell me the Place that has the Score of 68, and the Player of christy o'connor jnr?
Can you tell me the Player that has the Score larger than 67?
What is the 2011 value with a 134 in 2008?
What is the 2009 value with A in 2012 and q2 in 2011?
What is the 2011 value for the paris masters tournament with 1r in 2008?
What is the 2011 value with nms in 2008?
Which Draws have a Club of burgos cf, and a Position larger than 8?
Which Played has a Goal Difference larger than 24?
Which Goals against has Wins of 13, and Goals for larger than 42, and more than 9 Losses?
How many draws have less than 8 wins, and 31 goals for?
What event of this season had a time of 2:43?
How many penalties were there in the game with a G.F. of 40?
What's the P.I.M. for the G.F. of 55?
What's the G.A. when there were 2 losses and Scotland played?
Which venue has 2:04.22 notes?
What years does Goreville High School have members?
What is the name of the school with the Tornadoes Lady Tornadoes?
What is the school with the nickname Tornadoes Lady Tornadoes?
What is the nickname with an enrollment (2013/14) of 160?
What is Notes, when Gold is "Thierry Gueorgiou", when Year is before 2008, and when Bronze is "Valentin Novikov"?
What is Notes, when Silver is "Jarkko Huovila"?
What is the total number of Year, when Bronze is "Jamie Stevenson"?
What is Notes, when Bronze is "Pasi Ikonen"?
What is Bronze, when Notes is "6.7km, 22controls"?
What is Silver, when Notes is "6.24km, 23controls"?
What position has siim ennemuist as the player?
What Player has a To par less than 15 and a Total of 149?
What is the Year(s) won of the Player with a To par of 5?
What's the English word for apfel?
What's the Dutch word for Apel?
What's the Bible Gothic for the word hand?
What's the Icelandic word for rain?
What's the Icelandic word for the German word for hand?
What was the score for Nick Faldo?
What is the score when the to par was –5, for Peter Jacobsen?
Which Run 4 has a Country of united states, and an Athlete of bree schaaf emily azevedo, and a Run 3 smaller than 58.04?
How much Run 2 has a Run 4 of 57.68, and a Run 3 smaller than 57.9?
Which Run 4 has a Run 1 of 57.37, and a Run 3 smaller than 57.45?
Which Athlete has a Run 1 larger than 57.37, and a Run 4 smaller than 59.05, and a Run 3 of 58.08?
What is the total for the first exercise and has 18 as the second exercise?
What is the to par of the player with a 68-67-75=210?
Who is the player with a 68-67-75=210 score?
Who is the player with a 70-68-74=212 score?
What is the highest Byes by Anakie who has an Against smaller than 2275?
For entries with a lost of 5, what is the sum of the draw entry?
What is the lowest place with more than 26 goals scored, 18 goals conceded, and a draw entry of 6?
What is the highest place that has a draw entry smaller than 6 and goal score of 28?
What is the lowest number of goals scored for the entry with goals conceded larger than 30, lost larger than 3, and fewer than 6 draws?
What 7:30 has tout le monde en parle as the 8:00?
What 7:00 has movies as the 9:00?
What 7:00 has movies & specials as the 9:30?
What 8:30 has e! specials as the 9:30?
What was the shooter when the rank points was olympic bronze medalist?
What were the rank points when the score was 7 and the total was 15?
What were the rank points when the total was 11?
What is the smallest number of silver medals for a nation with fewer than 1 bronze?
How many gold medals for the nation ranked 6?
Name the District which has a Reserved for ( SC / ST /None) of sc?
Name the  District that has a Reserved for ( SC / ST /None) of none and a Constituency number of 242?
Name the Number of electorates (2009 which has a Reserved for ( SC / ST /None) of none, and a Name of jahanabad?
Count the Number of electorates (2009) that has a District of fatehpur and  jahanabad?
What Score has a Date of 11 september 2010?
What Date has an Outcome of runner up, and a Partner of tyra calderwood?
What Score has a Tournament of tanjung selor, indonesia?
What Date has Opponents of sun shengnan han xinyun?
What is the highest position of club lietava-2 jonava, which has more than 12 points and more than 7 wins?
What is the total number of goals of the club with 4 wins and less than 0 draws?
What is the total number of games played of the club with less than 40 goals scored, 9 losses, 39 goals conceded, and more than 2 draws?
What is the total number of goals scored of the club with more than 3 draws, more than 1 loses, and less than 26 points?
What is the sum of the position with less than 0 draws?
What is Home Team, when Tie No is "7"?
What is Home Team, when Away Team is "Brentford"?
What is Home Team, when Date is "6 December 1986", and when Tie No is "4"?
What is Date, when Home Team is "Chester City"?
What is Tie no, when Home Team is "Gillingham"?
From what Country is T2 Finish Player Gary Player?
What is the total for the player with a Finish of T39?
What is the Finish of the Player with a Total of 273?
What is the To par of the player with a Finish of T20?
Which byes are high when losses are larger than 7, wins smaller than 6, and draws are smaller than 0?
What is the sum of losses when draws are larger than 0?
What draws are the lowest when wins are larger than 18?
What is the sum of byes when wins are 8, and losses are larger than 10?
Which against has the lowest when byes are larger than 0?
What are the highest losses when byes are larger than 0?
Which player was previously on the New York Knicks?
What is the nationality of the player with 2 years of NBA experience for the previously played for the Los Angeles Lakers?
What is the result when attendance is larger than 31,001, at Bears Stadium, in week 4?
What is the Record in a week later than 7 against the San Diego Chargers?
What is the result week 1?
What is the lowest attendance on October 3, 1965?
What are the manuals with a kind of r, and an opus of 144?
What are the manuals with an opus of 147?
What kind is in the year 1978 and a manual of ii/p?
What manuals have the opus of 135?
What year was it the town of Eugene?
What town has 15 stops and a NB kind?
In which district is anna university - tiruchirappalli campus, whose website is http://www.annauniv.edu, located?
In what year was anna university - panruti campus established?
Which district was established in 1942?
What is the affiliation for the Cuddalore District?
Which College or campus has a website of http://www.aucev.edu.in/?
What is the name of the available rock single/pack by REO Speedwagon?
What is the highest gold with 1 silver, and more than 1 altogether?
What is the latest year when the best finish is 2 and the scoring average is less than 71.24?
What was the average scoring the the top 10s is 4?
What is the country of the player with a score less than 68?
What is the type for Duke when the from is 512 bc?
What state is Ding and has a royal house of Ji?
Which name has a state of Yan?
Which state has a royal house of Ying?
Which state has a royal house of Jiang?
How tall is the person born on 1976-12-27?
What is the birth date of a member of the Club of bvsc vízilabda?
Who has the height of m (ft 9in) and was born on  1980-03-05?
Who has a Height of head coach: tamás faragó?
What is the highest Pick, when Nationality is "France", and when Draft is less than 1979?
What is the sum of Draft, when Round is greater than 9?
What is the highest Round, when Draft is greater than 1980, and when Player is "Shane Doan Category:Articles with hCards"?
What is the lowest Draft, when Nationality is "Canada", when Player is "Shane Doan Category:Articles with hCards", and when Round is less than 1?
What is the lowest Draft, when Player is "Dave Christian Category:Articles with hCards"?
What party has the district Georgia 7?
Which district has an incumbent of Sanford Bishop?
What is the Score of the Hereford United Away game?
What is the Home team of the Lincoln City Away game?
What is the Away team at Bristol Rovers' Home game?
What is the Away team at Mansfield Town's Home game?
What is the Tie no at the Hull City Home game with a Score of 1–1?
Which Byes have an Against larger than 1235, and Losses smaller than 10, and Wins larger than 7?
Which Losses have an Against smaller than 1464, and Draws smaller than 1, and Wins larger than 7?
Which Draws have a Lexton Plains of skipton, and an Against larger than 1212?
Which against has 14 losses?
What is S.K. Ho's Country?
What Player has a Place of 2?
From what Country is Gary Evans?
What is the Country of the Player with a To par of +1 and a Score of 74-70-70=214?
What is the Place of the Player with a Score of 69-72-72=213?
What was the result on September 20?
The golfer who won in 1993 had what total has his total?
When the finish is t27 what is the year (s) won?
What total average has 1988 has the year (s) won?
In what place did Bob Tway finish?
What is the smallest draws for Byes less than 4?
When losses is 6 and draws is more than 0, what is the greatest byes?
When Benall DFL is Goorambat with less than 13 wins, what is the least amount of losses?
When Benalla DFL is swanpool with less than 16 losses, what is the sum of Byes?
What is the most wins for draws greater than 0?
What day did the Raiders score 17?
What was the streak for the game after 8 on Nov 22?
What is the total Goals with a Rank smaller than 10, a Name of nicolas anelka, and Appearances larger than 9?
What is the total Goals with Rank larger than 10?
What is the greatest Goals with a Name of samuel eto'o?
What Rank has a Team of roma?
What is the Country of the Player with a To par of +1 and a Score of 72-71=143?
What is Bob Tway's To par?
What is the to par when the score is 73-69-67-74=283?
What is the lowest weight snatched for a lifter who had a clean and jerk less than 185?
Which Record has a Result of l 13–30?
Which Opponent has a Week larger than 3, and a Game site of mile high stadium, and a Record of 3–3?
What is the most recent year for a first elected republican?
What is the first elected for Jo Bonner?
What is the party of the california 35 district?
What is the earliest first elected date of incumbent howard mckeon?
What district has a democratic party?
which Streak has a Location/Attendance of staples center, and a Score of 67–89?
Which game is on mar 12?
Which Opponent is on mar 10?
Which Streak is in new orleans arena and a Record of 31–33?
Which Game has an Opponent of phoenix suns?
Which Opponent has a Score of 92–93?
What is the country of the player whose score is 71-69-70-69=279?
WHAT IS THE DIRECTOR WITH FILM hope and pain?
WHAT IS THE RESULT WITH FILM LAKE OF TEARS?
Which Opponent has a Date of september 20, 1992?
Which Week has Attendance of 71,740?
Which Week has a Date of october 4, 1992?
Which Opponent has Attendance of 71,740?
What 1976 has a 1978 of grand slam tournaments?
What 1978 has a 1976 of 62%?
What 1984 has a 1978 of 46–15?
What 1973 has a 1978 of 75%?
What 1983 has a 1975 of career statistics?
What 1976 has a Tournament of overall win – loss?
What is the highest Wins, when Goals For is greater than 39, and when Points is less than 25?
What is the total number of Goals For, when Losses is greater than 16?
What is the average Position, when Goal Difference is "17", and when Wins is greater than 13?
What is the lowest Goals For, when Draws is less than 4, and when Points is less than 27?
What is the smallest capacity for Bursa?
What is the last year when capacity was larger than 2,250, for Bandırma Banvit?
What city is Kara Ali Acar Sport Hall located in?
What is the capacity of Bandırma Banvit?
What was the venue that had 5000 m after 2009?
What was the latest year with a position of 1st at Maputo, Mozambique?
Which position was in 2009?
What F Player was previously with the New York Knicks?
What is the Nationality of the G Player with 4 years NBA Experience?
What Player has 10 Years of NBA experience?
What G/F Player has 3 Years in the NBA?
What source has delph as the name?
What is the total attendance when Stourbridge is the home team?
What is the score when the attendance is greater than 134 and Workington is the home team?
Which coach has 0 conference titles, more than 2 seasons, higher than 87 losses and 0 NCAA?
What are coach Bill Henderson's highest wins with more than 233 losses?
What is the sum of the draws with less than 2284 against, 8 losses, and more than 10 wins?
What is the average number of against with 11 wins and less than 0 draws?
What is the total number of losses of the central murray of tooleybuc manangatang, which has less than 0 draws?
What is the highest number of losses of the central murray of lake boga, which has less than 10 wins?
What is the average number of draws of the central murray of leitchville gunbower, which has less than 0 byes?
What is the total number of wins of the central murray of koondrook-barham, which has more than 0 draws?
What is the date when France is the opposing team?
What is the venue with more than 3 against, and South Africa is the opposing team?
What is the venue for the Status of Five Nations and 0 againts?
What Upper stage has Launches to date of 0, and Version of 532?
What is the greatest CCBs with Launches to date of 4, and a Payload to GTO of 8,900kg?
What Payload to GTO has CCBs larger than 1, and a Payload to LEO of 29,400kg?
What is the greatest CCBs with a Payload to GTO of –, and an Upper stage of sec?
What is the total Launches to date with a Version of 541, and CCBs smaller than 1?
What is the highest standard order for the Transcription based on Pinyin, She Jiang?
What is the english translation of the traditional Chinese word, 哀郢?
What is the simplified Chinese with a standard order over 4, and the transcription of Bei Hui Feng?
What is the Date of the match against Guillermo Olaso?
What is the Category of the Rodez, France Tournament?
What is the Date of the Rodez, France Tournament?
What is the Score of the tournament played on Clay Surface against Pablo Martin-Adalia?
What was the venue in 1951 on November 4?
What is the latest year with a 34-0 result?
What year was the game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, with attendance more than 85,302, on November 9?
What date was the attendance more than 69,828, when the Los Angeles Rams were home team, later than 1955, with a result of 16-24?
What date was the visiting team of Los Angeles Rams, earlier than 1958?
What is the number in attendance at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum?
Which state has a 2010-05-01 (saa) association agreement?
What is the acquis chapter open/closed dates with a membership application in 2009-04-28?
What is the status of the membership application on 2008-12-15?
What is the association agreement for bosnia and herzegovina?
What is the candidate status of macedonia?
What is the population with 41,511 households?
What was the lowest attendance for a game played @ Nashville Predators?
What was the record for the game played @ Dallas stars, with an attendance larger than 15,643, and a decision of Budaj?
What was the highest attendance on December 23?
What is the torque of a 2B engine?
What is the highest power (hp) of an OM314 engine?
When was power (hp) less than 93 for the OM324 engine used?
What is the name for Nagpur district, with a reserved for ( SC / ST /None) of none, and a Constituency number of 59?
What district shows reserved for (SC / ST /None) of total:?
What is the number of electorates (2009) for Hingna?
What is the Reserved for (SC / ST /None) when the number of electorates (2009) is more than 237,560, and the constituency number is 48?
What is the constituency number with a reserved for ( SC / ST /None) of none, for Katol?
What is the total number of electorates (2009) for Katol?
What is the all games % of All Neutral of 6–3, and a B10 Home of 3–6?
What is the All Home with less than 0.406% All Games?
Which Year has a Category of best performance by a leading actress in a musical?
Which Award Ceremony has a Result of nominated, and a Category of best revival of a musical?
What is the analogue terrestrial channel when the internet shows channel4.com?
What is the position when the channel shows channel 4?
What is the channel when the analogue terrestrial channel shows n/a, and the internet is itv.com, with a position larger than 6, and digital terrestrial channel is 6 27 (+1)?
What is the internet when the position is more than 13?
what is at 2:00 pm when at 12:30 pm is the young and the restless?
What is at 5:00 pm when at 7:00 am is good morning america?
what is at 7:00 am when at 12:30 pm, 8:00 am and 7:30 am is local programs?
What is at 7:00 am when at 11:00 am is the price is right?
what is at 8:00 am when at 3:30 pm is general hospital?
What are the Notes when the Method is decision?
What was the result for the 2012 ibjjf world jiu-jitsu championships event when the method was points (4 x 0)?
Who was the opponent when the method was points (4 x 0)?
What was the result against opponent Amanda Lucas?
Which event has notes of women +60kg quarterfinal?
On what date was the attendance more than 17,652?
What is the record on January 18?
What was the lowest draw when the against was larger than 2638?
What was the lowest against when the draw was at least 0?
What were the highest losses for a byes larger than 2?
What position did the Belenenses club occupy in 1960/61?
Which club has played for 27 seasons at this level?
What is the NFL team for Toledo?
What is Northern Colorado's Rnd.?
What is the lowest value for Draws, when South West DFL is "Tyrendarra", and when Byes is greater than 0?
What is the sum of Against, when Wins is greater than 8, and when Losses is greater than 6?
What is the total number of Byes, when South West DFL is "Coleraine", and when Wins is less than 12?
What is the average value for Wins, when South West DFL is "Coleraine", and when Byes is greater than 0?
What is the lowest value for Wins, when South West DFL is "Cavendish", and when Byes is less than 0?
What is the total number of Wins, when Losses is less than 10, when Against is less than 1253, and when Byes is less than 0?
What score has a year later than 1974, with hawthorn as the champion?
What champion has north melbourne as the runner-up?
What is the location for Egypt in 2013?
What is the location for Yemen in 1994?
What year is the location Ta'izz?
Which location is in the Belgian Congo Tanganyika?
Who is the perpetrator in Bait Al-Aqari?
Who is the perpetrator in Uganda who killed 12 in Kampala?
Who was the home team when grimsby town was the away team?
How many goals for Kenton have a transfer window of Summer?
What is the branding for callsign DWFM?
What is the frequency where the power is 25kw?
What is the power at Baguio where the frequency is 102.3mhz?
What is the location where the frequency is 92.3mhz?
What is the brand where the location is Cagayan De Oro?
Which Established has a League of ontario australian football league?
Which Championships have a League of ontario australian football league?
Which Established has a Club of guelph rangers?
What is the earliest year with colin berry as the spokesperson and ray moore as the radio commentator?
Who is the spokesperson after 2012?
Who is the semi-final second television commentator with graham norton as the final television commentator and scott mills as the spokesperson before 2013?
What kind of Wind has an Athlete of kerron stewart?
What kind of Wind has a Result of 21.69?
Show the Result of inger miller?
How many byes for the team with more than 14 losses and more than 0 wins?
How many wins for the Caramut team with fewer than 11 losses and fewer than 2 byes?
How many wins for the team with more than 1282 against and fewer than 14 losses?
How many wins for the team with fewer than 2 byes?
How many against for the Moyston-Willaura team with 4 losses and fewer than 2 byes?
Who is the player of the match at canberra stadium?
What is the average number of tries of player israel folau?
What round is player phil graham in?
Who is the opponent of the match at cua stadium?
Who is the opponent of player phil graham?
Can you tell me the Money (£) that has the Country of england, and the Player of malcolm mackenzie?
Which Year has a Nominee of stephen sondheim, and a Category of the best original score?
Which Result has a Category of the best costume design?
Which Nominee has an Award Ceremony of tony award, and a Category of the best performance by a leading actor in a musical?
When there are more than 126 errors, more than 551 kills, and more than 40 assists for the 2007 season, what is the total of Solo Blocks?
When there are more than 126 errors, more than 1253 total attempts, and more than 64 block assists, what is the smallest digs?
When there is less than 13 services aces with a percentage greater than 0.34900000000000003, what is the smallest total attempts?
When the percentage is 0.34900000000000003 with more than 13 solo blocks and less than 4713 total attempts, what is the greatest assists?
When assists is more than 32 and total blocks is more than 88, what is the total of block assists?
What is the total number of Against, when Losses is less than 52, when Matches is greater than 4, and when Draw is less than 2?
What is the total number of Against, when Draw is greater than 48?
What is the highest Losses, when Wins is "1", and when Matches is less than 2?
What is the highest Against, when Wins is greater than 2, and when Matches is less than 17?
What is the lowest Matches, when Against is less than 7, and when Wins is greater than 1?
What position did tomasz kiełbowicz play?
Which # of Episodes has a Mole of craig slike?
Which host has more than 11 episodes?
Which Season has a Mole of frederique van der wal?
What is Res., when Time is "1:09"?
What is Res., when Round is greater than 2, and when Event is "Midwest Cage Championships 25: Inferno"?
What is Time, when Round is "3", when Method is "Decision (unanimous)", and when Record is "7-3"?
What is Record, when Location is "Des Moines, Iowa , United States", and when Method is "Submission (arm-triangle choke)"?
What is the score for the game with 213 attending?
What was the away team for the game in Slough Town?
Who was the home team that played against Armthorpe Welfare?
What is the Tie no for the game with the away team Whyteleafe?
What is home team Maine Road's score?
What year was the US Open that had a partnering of Maikel Scheffers?
What was the championship before 2012 that had Stephane Houdet Michael Jeremiasz as opponents?
What was the score when the Shingo Kunieda Satoshi Saida were the opponents?
What year were the opponents Shingo Kunieda Satoshi Saida?
In what place is the golfer with a score of 68-69-73-70=280?
What is the to par of the golfer with winnings of 40,850 and a score of 72-74-70-70=286?
What is the to par for the player with winnings of 49,500?
What is the Score of the Round with Player Aaron Baddeley having a To par of +2?
What is Charlie Wi's To par?
What is the Country of the T8 Place Player with a Score of 68-74=142?
What is the T8 Place Player with a Score of 68-74=142?
What Country is David Toms from?
What is the To par for Robert Allenby from Australia
When Rocco Mediate of the United States has a To par of +2, what was his score?
What is the score for Greg Norman
When Rocco Mediate has a To par of +2 and a 69-73=142 score, what is the country listed?
What is the country listed that has a place of t4 with a score of 72-70=142?
What is the Home team of the Kidderminster Harriers Away game?
What is the Date of the Sutton United Home game?
What is the Date of Tie no 35 with a Score of 3–2?
What is the Tie no of the Carlisle United Away game on 17/11/1990 with a Score of 5–0?
What is the Home team of Tie no 40?
What is the Away team of the Merthyr Tydfil Home game with a Score of 1–1?
What is the lowest Attendance, when Home Team is "Welling United"?
What is Score, when Attendance is "303"?
Which place is Andy Bean from the United States?
Which United States player has a place of T3?
What country is Lee Trevino from?
What is the state that has the 2012 rank of 43?
What is the highest Year, when Apparatus is "Vault", and when Rank-Final is less than 9?
What is Year, when Competition Description is "U.S. Championships", when Rank-Final is less than 3, and when Apparatus is "All-Around"?
What is Apparatus, when Rank-Final is greater than 6, and when Competition Description is "U.S. Championships"?
What was the 2nd leg that had a first leg of 1-1?
What was the first leg home that had a total aggregate of 3-1?
What was the 1st leg that had a 4-2 aggregate?
What was the 1st leg that had a 1st get home for the Boca Juniors?
What was the 2nd leg that had the Estudiantes La Plata home for the 2nd leg?
Can you tell me the Player that has the Place of t5, and the Score of 73-72-71-75=291?
Can you tell me the average Money ($) that has the To par larger than 14, and the Player of ed dudley?
What is the transfer window for Hleb?
What is the lowest ends for Dani Alves?
What is the name of the person with a type of transfer, and a Transfer fee of €8m + €2m in variables?
What is To par, when Margin of Victory is "2 Strokes", and when Tournament is "Women's British Open"?
What is Date, when Runner(s)-Up is "Bo-Mee Lee"?
What is To par, when Margin of Victory is "2 Strokes", and when Tournament is "Women's British Open"?
What did Steve Stricker score?
What is the sum of the number of clubs in seasons before 1992 with more than 3 total wins?
What is the sum of the season with 8 clubs and shanghai as the runners-up?
Who is third-place with less than 5 total wins with china b as the winners?
What is the lowest total number of wins in a season before 1989 with tianjin as the runners-up and more than 8 clubs?
What was the result for Rank 2 on December 6, 1969?
What was the rank # for opponent AT Baylor?
What is the result for opponent TCU?
What date was the attendance 82,500?
Which League Cup has a Total smaller than 1?
Which Total has a League Cup smaller than 0?
Which Championship has a League Cup larger than 0, and a FA Cup larger than 0?
Which Championship has a League Cup smaller than 0?
Which Age (as of 1 February 2014) has a Rank smaller than 9, and a Death date of 24 january 2007?
Which Death date has a Rank smaller than 49, and an Age (as of 1 February 2014) of 112 years, 172 days?
Which Death date has a Place of death or residence of united states, and an Age (as of 1 February 2014) of 111 years, 61 days?
What was the record on Feb 25?
What was the streak when the opponent was @ new jersey nets?
What year was the competition vitry-sur-seine humarathon?
Which Goal Difference has 28 Points, and a Club of cd cartagena, more than 15 losses?
How much Goal Difference has less than 9 Losses, and 8 Draws, and more than 40 points?
How many points have more than 14 wins, a goal difference of 14, and more than 6 draws?
Which Played has Goals against larger than 34, and Wins smaller than 12, and Goals for smaller than 50, and Losses larger than 15?
Which Draws has Goals against smaller than 47, and a Position smaller than 13, and Goals for of 52?
How long is the bridge in Villeneuve-sur-Lot?
Which bridge was completed in 1928?
How long is the UK's Ballochmyle Viaduct?
What kind of arch is the pont de montanges (pont-des-pierres)?
From where did the Scout carrier rocket with the satellite that has a COSPAR ID of 1971-109a launch?
When was the satellite that has a COSPAR ID of 1967-042a launched?
What is Ariel 3's COSPAR ID?
Which satellite was launched from Vandenberg?
What is the COSPAR ID of Ariel 4, which was launched with a Scout carrier rocket?
Which Rush song was played for Mike Fincke?
On what flight day was U2 played?
What links were used on flight day 16?
What is the 2011 Australian Open and a 2010 QF?
What is 2010 that has 1r 2011?
What is the winning % for the 2010 QF?
What is the 2009 for 2012 1R in Wimbledon and a 2011 2r?
What is 2012 that has a winning % of 67%?
In 1979 when Jimmy Connors was the runner-up what was the score?
Who won when Peter Fleming was a runner-up?
When John Mcenroe won at Montreal, what was the score?
When Ilie Năstase beat runner-up Peter Fleming what year was it?
What is the first track where the production credit is margret arranged by e. mergency?
Which song was written by Nigel Stock and is 4:12 long?
Who was the songwriter for Track 4, produced by nigel wright and john smits?
What is the lowest draft of player jim farrell, who has a pick greater than 197 and a round of 14?
What is the lowest pick of player paul stasiuk from a round greater than 12?
What is the total pick number of player curt bennett from canada with a draft before 1976 and a round less than 2?
What is the average pick of player paul maclean, who had a draft before 1978?
What is the average round of player dave pulkkinen, who had a draft after 1969?
What was the position in 1981?
What was the player with pick 19?
What is the Country of the T2 Place Player with a Score of 69-69-69=207?
What is T7 Place Player Justin Leonard's Score?
What Player's Score is 69-71-69=208?
What is the Place of the Player with a To par of –8 and a Score of 67-74-67=208?
What is T4 Place Player Nick Price's Score?
What is Justin Leonard with a To par of –7's Score?
Who was the opponent at the week 4 game?
What was the result of the week 16 game?
What was the attendance at the post-week 7 game against the San Diego Chargers?
What is the Competition on July 7?
At what Location in Round 3 is the Score 1-1?
What is the Score of the competition on October 25?
What is 2nd Party, when Election is "1885"?
What is 1st Party, when 2nd Party is "Conservative", when 2nd Member is "Samuel Hammersley", and when Election is "1931"?
What is 2nd Party, when 1st Member is "Alan Dower"?
What is 1st Member, when 2nd Party is "Conservative", and when 2nd Member is "William Tipping"?
What is 1st Party, when 2nd Party is "Liberal", and when 1st Member is "James Kershaw"?
What is 1st Member, when 1st Party is "Constituency Abolished"?
What is the largest Area (msr) that has an Area less than 291.045, is part of the Per family, and has a rank higher than 78?
What is the total sum of Areas (sq.deg) that have an Area (msr) of 43.059 and a Right ascension (hm) larger than 747.73?
What's the total time for the summer universiade competition?
What's the highest time for the 1995 200 metres event?
What position has a time over 38.61 at the gothenburg venue?
What position has a time less than 40.2 at the rome venue?
What is the most Bronze medals won among the participants that won less than 22 medals overall and less than 5 silver medals?
How many silver medals were won by the participant(s) that had more than 12 gold medals and 11 bronze medals?
What is the average number of gold medals won among participants that won less than 13 silver, less than 8 bronze, and more than 18 medals overall?
What is the number range for the T 3 class?
What 2009 has 52-75 as the 2010?
What 2008 has 2013 for the year 2013?
What 2009 has 39th as the 2011?
How many specimens does the SANT institution have?
In which city is the Universidad de Santiago de Compostela located?
In which city is MUB located?
Which 2nd Member has a 1st Party of liberal?
Which 1st Party has an Election of 1893 by-election?
Which 1st Member has an Election of 1895?
Which Election has a 1st Member of james parker?
Which 1st Party has a 2nd Member of sir charles wood, and a 1st Member of sir francis crossley?
Which 1st Party has a 2nd Member of william rawson shaw, and a 1st Member of sir james stansfeld?
What is the total number of vegetables of the governorate with more than 135,685 trees, less than 3,140 cereals, and less than 31,443 olives?
What is the total number of fruit trees of the governorate with more than 12,141 vegetables, less than 153,232 industrial crops, and less than 3,140 cereals?
What is the total number of olives of the governorate with less than 259,743 vegetables, more than 14,625 industrial crops, and 20,768 fruit trees?
What is the lowest number of olives of the governorate with less than 247,265 industrial crops and more than 37,638 cereals?
What is the total number of cereals of the nabatieh governorate, which has less than 595,147 fruit trees and more than 116,124 olives?
What is the sum of the cereals of the governorate with 20,753 vegetables and less than 123,304 fruit trees?
Which 1999 has 2000 as the year-end championship?
Which 1997 has sf as the 2002?
What tournament has 1r as the 2011?
What 2009 has 3r as the 1999, and w as 2002?
What is Mass, when Designation is Prognoz 2?
What is Mass, when Launch Date/Time ( GMT ) is 25 November 1976, 03:59?
What is Apogee, when Inclination is 65°, and when Launch Date/Time is ( GMT ) is 15 February 1973, 01:11?
What is Apogee, when Designation is Prognoz 6?
What is Designation, when Launch Date/Time ( GMT ) is 29 June 1972, 03:47?
What is the Elimination for Candice?
What Wrestler has an Elimination of 7?
What is the Elimination of the Player with Elimination Move of hurricanrana pin?
What is Natalya's Time?
What is Maria's Elimination Move?
In which area was there a score of 68?
Which player had a position of t1 and played in the united states?
What person had an opponent of linda wessberg and scored an average score?
What was the lowest total for Italy when the latest win is 1950?
What were the results for the incumbent from Iowa 2 district?
Who is the incumbent that has been in office since before 1996 and was again re-elected?
From which party is the incumbent who was first elected to office in 1990?
In what year did the Democratic incumbent that was re-elected first take office?
what is the year built of  kyrkjebø?
WHAT IS THE SUB-PARISH WITH A YEAR AFTER 1916, IN  ortnevik?
What is the To par of the Player who won in 1936?
What is the Player who won in 1931?
What is the Total for the Player who won in 1922, 1932?
What is the Total for the Player who won in 1936?
What is the Finish of the Player with a To par of 23 of less and Total of 294?
What season has a Level of 2nd, 29 points?
What is the number of points when goals were 29–30?
What is the level when points are larger than 25, and goals are 64–31?
Which engine has a code of m113.980?
Engine 2.5 20v d has what engine code?
How much torque does the engine with code om611 have?
Which engine has a code of m119.985?
How much torque does the engine that has a 10.9 0-100km/h (sec) rating have?
Engine 2.3 16v has how many cylinders?
Which Record has an Opponent of milwaukee bucks?
Which Record has a Location/Attendance of ford center, a Game larger than 30, and a Score of 87–79?
Which Game has an Opponent of @ houston rockets?
Which Streak has a Score of 98–109?
Which Game has an Opponent of @ washington wizards?
Which Streak has a Record of 21–22?
What was the outcome on 11 October 2009, when his partner was Jordan Kerr?
On what surface did he play with Stephen Huss on 31 October 2010?
What's was the 2008 during the Year End Ranking?
What's the 2010 when Q2 happened in 2011?
What's the 2008 when 1R happened in 2009?
What is the lowest value for Olympics, when Sailors is greater than 1, when First OG is after 1948, and when Class is "Flying Dutchman"?
What is the country associated with the date in 2003?
What is the format for UK catalog S 63795?
What is the date for US catalog CK 9942?
What is the label for catalog EMB 31956?
What is the date for CBS label?
Where is constituency number 16?
Which Elevator has Elevated of april 12, 1281, a Nationality of french, and an Elector of jean cholet?
Which Elevated has an Elector of matteo orsini rosso?
Which Elector has a Title of s. cecilia?
Which Elevator has a Title of bishop of palestrina?
Which Order has a Nationality of ese milan?
Which Elector has an Order of cardinal-priest, and a Nationality of french?
How many foundeds have sousse as the city, with a capacity greater than 25,000?
What is the lowest founded that has bizerte athletic f.c. as the club?
How many foundeds have stade tunisien as the club, with a capacity greater than 18,000?
How much capacity has 1944 as the founded?
What is the total number of Games, when Losses is greater than 6, when Club is "Club Sportif Sfaxien", and when Wins is less than 3?
What is the lowest Games, when Wins is less than 1, and when Draws is greater than 1?
What is the average Draws, when Losses is greater than 9, and when Wins is greater than 9?
What is the 2011 entry for the row with a 2007 entry of 558?
What is the 2010 entry for the row that has a 2009 entry of 270?
What is the 2009 entry for the row that has a 2007 entry of A and a tournament entry of US Open?
What is the 2008 entry for the row that as a 2011 entry of 1R?
What is the To par for Lanny Wadkins?
What is Australia's highest total?
What country has a to par larger than 5 and a player John Mahaffey?
Which Total has a Year(s) won of 1991?
Which Year(s) won with a To par of 12?
Which To par has a Player of jack nicklaus, and a Total smaller than 146?
What Age group has a 10 Trip Pass of $19.00, and a Monthly Pass of $62.00?
What average points for highers has 0 has points for ordinary, and Ng as the grade, and less than 0 as points for foundation?
What is the maximum points for higher when the points for foundation is less than 0?
With 10 as the points for foundation, what is the maximum points for ordinary?
What is the Country of the Player with a Score of 66-72-70-69=277?
What is the sum of a grid for driver Patrick Carpentier and less than 103 laps?
What team has 0 points and a contact tired/retired, and 71 laps?
What is the sum of lap for the Dale Coyne Racing Team, and 0 points?
What is the lowest number of laps with more than 16 points?
What team has 104 laps and a grid of 10?
Which year had e34 Nimzo-Indian defence is the opening?
What is the average quantity that has 1104 as the number(s)?
What class has 99 201 as the DRG Number(s)?
What type has 5 as the quantity?
What years did Alvin Mitchell play?
Who is the player on a team from the 1970s?
What team does Oliver Dobbins play for?
Who was the opponent in the mallorca 2, spain tournament?
When was varvara lepchenko the opponent?
For the total of 288 what was the to par?
What year did the United States win with a total of 278?
What was the lowest total with a finish of t47?
What is the to par when the total is larger than 288?
What is the rank for total less than 5, 1 bronze and less than 1 silver?
What is the most possible bronze medals when rank is more than 11 and there are fewer than 0 gold medals?
What is the least total when there are more than 2 golds and fewer than 0 silver?
Which visitor has a record of 2-4?
What is the record on April 28?
What is the score for the Chicago Black Hawks game with a record of 2-1?
What's the latest year with a hometown of san carlos, pangasinan?
What are the other awards for 1995?
What's the latest year that daisy garcia reyes did not place in miss world?
Which venue had an against smaller than 7?
What day was Australia the opposing team and the against 12?
What day was Wales the opposing team?
What is the amount of money with a score of 67-71-70-71=279?
What is Dave Rummells's to par?
What is the to par number with a score of 67-66-71-71=275?
What country is Steve Jones from?
Who was the opponent of Anand in the match with 20 moves that opened with E15 Queen's Indian Defence?
What is Points, when Points For is "points for"?
What is Drawn, when Played is "18", and when Points Against is "478"?
What is Points For, when Losing Bonus is "2", when Lost is "8", and when Club is "Rhyl And District RFC"?
What is Lost, when Points For is "205"?
What is Played, when Tries Against is "63"?
What is Try Bonus, when Tries For is "39"?
What Week 2 has a Week 4 of piret aava?
What Week 2 has a Week 3 of casey mae?
What Week 2 has a Week 1 of crystal beddows?
What Week 3 has a Week 4 of gina blair?
What Week 5 has a Week 1 of mysti sherwood?
What Week 4 has a Week 2 of samantha speer?
Which 2nd Party has a Election of 1857?
Which 2nd Party has a Election of 1857?
Which 1st Party has a 1st Member of sir john tyssen tyrell, bt, and a 2nd Party of conservative, and a 2nd Member of john payne elwes?
Which Election has a 2nd Member of reform act 1867 : constituency abolished?
which 1st Member has a Election of 1832
Which 2nd Member has a 1st Party of conservative and a Election of 1865?
Who is moving from Treviso with a loan return?
What is the nationality of Acquafresca?
What is the type if the transfer window is summer and the moving from category is free agent?
What is the transfer window for the moving from of São Paulo?
What is the moving from with a transfer and the nationality of Bra?
What is the end date for Maaroufi?
The game played on October 2, 1966 had what result?
Who was the game played against on October 9, 1966?
What is the maximum week that 69,372 people attended the game?
What is the date of the game played after week 4 with 60,658 people in attendance?
What is the total capacity for the city of Trogir?
What party established in 1797 won an election in 2007?
What date has a H/A of A, more than 23,327 in attendance, and opponents of everton?
What Played has a Lost smaller than 3, and a Drawn smaller than 0?
What is the largest % Won with a Lost smaller than 0?
What is the total of Against with % Won larger than 100?
What is the smallest Against with Lost larger than 0, % Won larger than 50, and Played smaller than 5?
What is the Lost with Against smaller than 25, and Played smaller than 1?
What is the largest height when the prominence is 3,118?
What is the Tie number of when Wigan Athletic was the away team?
Name the team with a tie number of 6.
What ship was built by Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company for the Royal Navy?
What is the class/type at Trieste?
What is the country of Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company?
In what country is Aberdeen?
Which Number of households has a Median household income of $32,806, and a Population larger than 11,291?
Which County has a Number of households larger than 14,391, a Population larger than 17,415, and a Median household income of $32,700?
Which County has a Number of households larger than 17,741, and a Median family income of $37,072?
Which County has a Median household income of $37,230?
Which Population has a County of mississippi, and a Number of households smaller than 17,741?
Count the average Height which has a Position of pf, and a Year born (Age) on april 1, 1981 (age32)?
Which Height has a Position of c, and a Player of yiannis bourousis?
Which 2005–06 Pts has a Team of estudiantes (lp), and a 2006–07 Pts smaller than 81?
Which 2006–07 Pts has a 2005–06 Pts smaller than 51, a Team of huracán, and a 2007–08 Pts larger than 52?
Which 2007–08 Pts has a Total Pts smaller than 173, a Total Pld larger than 38, a Team of banfield, and a 2005–06 Pts smaller than 59?
Which 2006–07 Pts has a 2007–08 Pts of 53, and a 2005–06 Pts larger than 51?
What is the map reference number for Lake Superior with a larger population than 65,216
What is the average map reference number for Lake Michigan, a larger rank than 15, and a smaller population on 2007 than 114,504
What is the lowest rank with a smaller population in 2007 than 117,201 and whose map reference number is 22?
Which Outcome has a Score in the final of 1–6, 6–4, 7–5?
Which Outcome has a Score in the final of 4–6, 5–7?
Which Opponents in the final has a Partner of olga lugina?
Which Outcome has a Score in the final of 3–6, 1–6?
What rank is He Yingqin who was born before 1890?
What year is the death for a birth of 1873 and higher than rank 28?
What is the name with a death in 2001?
What is the 1st round result for ECAC Chaumont (D2) as team 1?
Which team 1 played against team 2 of Tours FC (D2)?
Which is team 2 when team 1 is ECAC Chaumont (d2)?
Which Written by has a Code of 1.2 1.3?
What is the highest crude death rate when deaths are 3 433 and average population is greater than 298?
How many live births where the crude birth rate is lore than 15.7, average population is less than 297 and deaths are al 4 686?
What is the national change where crude birth rate is less than 11.4, crude death rate is more than 12.1 and deaths are 4 376?
What is the average population when deaths are 3 557 and crude death date is less than 11.9?
What is the natural change when crude death rate is more than 13.2, deaths are 4 321 and natural change is 10.6?
In what week(s) did the Broncos go up against the Cleveland Browns?
What week was the December 24, 1994 game?
Which Nationality has a Round smaller than 3?
Which Position has a Round larger than 4, and a Player of patrick johnson?
Which Nationality has a Round of 4?
Which Player has a Round smaller than 4, and a College/junior/club team (league) of usa u-18?
What team 2 has lokomotiva as team 1?
What team 1 has sloga jugomagnat as team 2?
What 2nd leg has pelister as team 1?
What 1st leg has 11 oktomvri as team 2?
What is the total against on 15/10/1999?
What status is on 21/08/1999?
What opposing teams playing on 11/04/1999?
What co-singer has sukhwinder singh as the composer?
What is the away when the home is 3-2, and the season is 1959-60?
What team has a league of bundesliga, and an away of 3-2?
What teams has a home of 5-0?
What teams has a home of 1-0, in the season 1988-89?
What is the score of player brian watts, who has a to par of 5?
What is the highest to par of player len mattiace, who has a t7 place and a score of 73-74=147?
What is the place of the player from the United States with a score of 74-72=146?
What country has a 76-71=147 score?
What is the most draws when less than 154 goals were conceded, and less than 36 games played?
What is the maximum goals score with less than 13 wins, greater than 86 goals were conceded, and more than 32 games lost?
How many games have been played when there are 13 wins and 45 goals were conceded?
What is Character Kerry Vincent's Tenure?
What Rodger Corser Episode has a Rank of senior sergeant?
What Character has a Rank of intelligence officer?
What is the Rank of the Character with Tenure of 2011?
What Actor/Actress a Tenure of 2008–2011 played Stella Dagostino?
What is Jolene Anderson's Rank?
What neon has an Argon of 4.203?
What krypton has an argon of 20.85?
What argon has a neon of 10.5?
What neon has a krypton of 213?
Wha argon has helium of 1.0000684?
What was the date of the victory when the Axis Unit was 5./jg 3?
What was the Soviet Unit when the Enemy Aircraft was bf.109g-2 "yellow 2"?
What was the date of the victory when the Soviet Unit was 73 giap, and the Enemy Aircraft was bf.109g-? w.nr.?
What was the aircraft flown when the axis unit was luftwaffe (**) and the enemy aircraft was ju.88?
What was the enemy aircraft on 14.09.1942, when the Soviet Unit was 437 iap?
What is the axis unit of the aircraft yak-1b "white 23", flown on 19.07.1943?
What Reserved for (SC / ST /None) with a Name of goverdhan?
What Number of electorates (2009) has a District of mathura, and a Name of mant?
What District has a Number of electorates (2009) larger than 234,537, and a Name of baldev?
What is the largest Number of electorates (2009) with a Constituency number of total:?
Which inhabitants have 2009 as the election, with cremona as the municipality?
Which inhabitants have lega lombarda as the party, with an election greater than 2010?
What is the lowest election that has cinisello balsamo as the municipality?
What is the average election that has monza as the municipality?
Whate place has 18 points with lost less than 8?
What is the average of lost for place less than 10, less than 23 points, and goals conceded less than 26 for the Chorrillo team?
When goals conceded is greater than 17 with 37 points, what is the greatest played?
What is the total points for a place less than 2 with a played greater than 18?
When goals scored is more than 18, draw is less than 4, and goals conceded is more than 24, what is the sum of played?
What is the total rank for New Zealand, when less than 1 bronze medals were won?
What is the sum of sliver medals when there were 2 gold medals, less than 15 total medals, and the rank is greater than 5?
What is the total rank for the Netherlands when more than 2 silver medals were won?
What is the total medal count when there are more than 1 gold and more than 2 silver medals won and the rank is less than 1?
What is the average medal total when the rank is less than 5 and less than 7 bronze medals were won?
Who did Tony Oakey win against when he had type of w pts 12?
What was Tony Oakey's Rd., Time when he fought against hastings rasani?
What is the Position of the Player with a Height of 2.11?
What is the Current Club of the PG/SG player with a Height of less than 1.9500000000000002?
What is the Position of the Player from the Toronto Raptors?
What Elected has Assembled of 23 january 1559?
What Elected has a 1st member of thomas fanshawe?
What 1st member has a 2nd member of thomas snagge, and Elected of 1588/89?
What Dissolved has a 2nd member of humphrey winch, and Assembled of 27 october 1601?
What Assembled has Elected of 1562/63?
What Assembled has a 1st member of william boteler?
Which shooter was the olympic bronze medalist?
What event did the shooter, who had 29 total points, compete in?
Who got 13 score points at wc kerrville?
What event did the shooter, who had 10 score points, compete in?
Which Wind* has a Nationality of united states, and an Athlete of jackie joyner-kersee?
Which Mark has an Athlete of tatyana lebedeva?
Which Mark has an Athlete of heike drechsler?
Which Date has a Venue of bucharest?
Which Nationality has a Wind* of n/a?
Which Wind* has a Nationality of soviet union, and a Venue of alma ata?
What is 1:30 pm, when 3:30 pm is "General Hospital"?
What is 1:30 pm, when 8:00 am is "The Today Show with Katie Couric & Matt Lauer"?
What is 4:00 pm, when 12:30 pm is "Sunset Beach"?
What is 3:30 pm, when 6:30 pm is "ABC's World News Tonight with Peter Jennings"?
Which Goals For has a Team of congleton town, and a Lost larger than 11?
Which Goal Difference has Drawn larger than 10, and a Team of lancaster city?
What date was the 200m breaststroke event?
What time was the 50m freestyle event?
What meet had a 400m individual medley meet?
How much Total has a Player of todd hamilton, and a To par smaller than 15?
Which Year(s) won has a Total larger than 295?
Which Country has a Finish of t32, and a Year(s) won of 1996?
How many totals does pádraig harrington have?
What is the highest to par with a place of t8 and West Germany as the country?
Who was the player for England when the to par is 7?
Who was the player for Japan when the to par was smaller than 7?
What is the average to par for a score of 78-67-73=218?
What did Sam Torrance score?
Which Year(s) won has a Total of 289?
Which country has a Year(s) won in 1964?
Which year al geiberger is in?
Which To par has a Year(s) won of 1964?
Which Total has a Finish of t59?
which To par has a Country of united states, and a Player of dave stockton?
Which player has $450 and a score of 76-74-74-72=296?
Who is the 2nd member of the parliament with alexander st john as the 1st member?
Who is the 1st member of the parliament assembled on 5 April 1614?
What is the assembled date of the parliament dissolved on 9 February 1611 and elected in 1606?
What is the dissolved date of the parliament assembled on 16 January 1621 with richard taylor as the 2nd member?
Who is the 1st member elected in 1620/21?
What is the assembled date of the parliament elected in 1620/21?
What's the statue for an against above 22?
What's the status for an against below 22 with an opposing team of Australia?
What's the against on 17/01/1976?
Which ranking has money of $82 and Al Watrous as the player?
What is the score for Jock Hutchison?
What is the lowest par for Bobby Cruickshank?
What is the Country of the Player with a To par of –1?
Which is the highest Rd 1 has a Province of utrecht and a Rd 4 larger than 0?
What Rd 3 has a Rd 2 1 of 0+1?
Which Position has Goals against larger than 32, and points larger than 30?
How many Points have Goals against of 35, and less than 13 losses?
How many points have Goals for smaller than 33, and Draws larger than 9?
Which Goal Difference has 13 Wins, and a Position of 3, and Played smaller than 30?
On which date was the opponent ireland and the status Five Nations?
Which venue had a status of five nations, an against larger than 12 and took place on 15/02/1975?
WHat status had an against larger than 6 and a date of 01/02/1975?
What is the highest week for the San Diego Chargers with an attendance that is less than 53,455?
What is the highest attendance for December 3, 1972 after week 12?
What is Score, when Competition is "ECQG5", and when Venue is "Hampden Park , Glasgow (H)"?
What is Score, when Competition is "Friendly", and when Date is "30 April"?
What is Venue, when Date is "7 September"?
What was the nationality for the player with 33 goals?
What was the nationality of the player ranking 3?
What airs at 7:00 am when The Big Cartoonie Show airs at 3pm?
What is the 3pm program when Local Programs are on at 7:30am?
What is the 11am program when Local Programs are on at 12:30am?
What is on at 2pm when 4:30 pm is airing Digimon: Digital Monsters?
What is on at 5pm when 4:30 pm is airing Digimon: Digital Monsters?
What is on at 5pm when Local Programs are on at 7:30am and 8:00am?
What is the total population of the district of Klang, with an area larger than 636?
What is the rank with an area larger than 3,433 for the district of Lahad Datu?
Which Fate has a Tonnage of 7,217?
Which Fate has a Nationality of united kingdom, and a Tonnage of 1,809?
Name Nationality is on 6 july 1942?
Name Tonnage on 27 september 1941 and a Ship of hmsspringbank?
Which Tonnage is on 25 july 1942?
What place is player leo diegel?
How much money does player horton smith have?
How much money does the player with a score of 74-71-76-76=297 have?
What is the sum of the to par with a 76-77-74-75=302 score?
Who is the player with a t8 place and a 74-74-76-77=301 score?
What country has a 14 to par?
What is the score if Millwall is the Home Team?
What is the Away team with Newcastle United as the Home team?
What is the Score on 27 Jan 1990 with an Away Team of Queens Park Rangers?
If the Away Team is Arsenal what is the Score?
What is the score for 4-1?
What is the Population of the Rural Community
What is the Area km 2 with a Census Ranking of 1,773 of 5,008?
With an Area km 2 of less than 130.68, what is McAdam's Population?
Which home had a record of 2-4?
Who was the visitor for Chicago Black Hawks on May 6?
What day was the visitor Chicago Black Hawks and the record 0-2?
What is the total number of Round with a Method of submission (ankle lock), a Location of tokyo, japan, and a Record of 13-5-2?
What is the 140lbs for 130lbs Jake Evans (Mojave)?
Which Nation has Silver smaller than 16, Bronze larger than 6, and Gold of 2?
Which Gold has a Nation of south korea (kor), and Bronze smaller than 65?
Which Total has Gold of 2?
Which Total has Gold smaller than 12, and a Nation of hong kong (hkg)?
Which Gold has a Total of 721?
What is the 2007-08 season at Stadio Silvio Piola?
What Club in Pizzighettone has a Capacity of 10,000 or greater?
What is the To par of the T6 Place Player with a Score of 68-69-70=207?
What is the Country of the T8 Place Player with a Score of 70-67-71=208?
What is Peter Jacobsen's Place?
What is the To par of the Player with a Score of 71-69-68=208?
What is the To par of the Player from Argentina?
which Points has Wins smaller than 2?
Which Wins has a Draws smaller than 3, and Points of 26?
Which Games played has a Points of 6, and Goals scored larger than 12?
Which Goals scored has Points larger than 26 and Wins larger than 11?
Which Loses has Points smaller than 6?
Which Goals conceded has Points of 6 and Draws larger than 0?
What round did the spartak moscow club play?
What is the total number of Wickets with a 26.13 average?
What is the total rank for player Delyone Borden with more than 15 wickets?
What are the total number of Wickets that ranger higher than 5?
What was the career of the rank higher than 1, with an average less than 36.13 and 15 wickets, and player George O'Brien?
What is the highest rank for less than 15 Wickets?
What is the grid with a +0.180 time?
What is the sum of laps of the honda cbr1000rr bike, which has a time of +16.569?
What is the time of the honda cbr1000rr bike, which has less than 25 laps?
What date has a loan expires date of end of the season, and a Position of mf?
What player that has a Position of df, and Loaned to is Stoke City?
What loan expires date has a Date of 29 december 2003?
What shows for loaned to when the loan expires end of the season, Francis Jeffers is the player?
What player loaned to of Leeds United?
What was the 1st leg when team 1 was apoel?
What was team 2 when team 1 was omonia?
What was the lowest total of medals won by Croatia?
Which Worldwide ranking has a 2009 larger than 185,969, and a Country of rwanda?
Which Country has a 2009 larger than 527,180, and a Worldwide ranking of 666?
Which Goals have Apps smaller than 1?
Which National team has a Year of total?
How many Goals have a National team of england, and Apps smaller than 6, and a Year of 2012?
Which National team has a Club of arsenal, and Apps smaller than 4, and a Year of 2010?
Which champion has a Group Stage LLWS in Russellville?
What is the record of the champion in 2008?
What nation was number 1 and had a total larger than 5?
How many bronzes had a rank of 10 and 0 gold?
Hold many gold had more than 16 bronzes?
What is the lowest amount of gold for more than 16 silver?
What is the average population of the township having land of 35.666sqmi and GEO ID over 3807364500?
What is the average 2010 population having longitude over -102.353035, latitude over 46.937841, and 0.034 sqmi of water?
What is the highest 2010 population having GEO ID of 3802763220 and longitude over -98.936777?
What is the smallest amount of water having landmass over 34.864 sqmi, in Pierce township, with a GEO ID over 3800362460?
Which Tally has a County of limerick, and a Rank larger than 1?
Which Bronze has a Silver of 15, and a Total smaller than 54?
How many Bronzes have a Rank of 9, and a Silver larger than 2?
How many totals have a Silver of 40, and a Gold smaller than 39?
Who's the opponent with a time of 3:24?
What's the record that had an opponent of Krzysztof Soszynski and a time of 4:00?
What's the time of IFL: Championship Final?
Which FA Cup Apps have League Apps of 21?
Which Name has a League Cup Goals of 0, and League Apps of 1?
Which Total Goals have a League Cup Goals larger than 0, and FA Cup Goals larger than 0?
Which Total Goals have Total Apps of 42 (3), and League Goals smaller than 1?
What is the lowest rank for the team that raced a time of 6:17.62 and a notes of sa/b?
What country has a rank of 3 and notes of r?
What conference includes the Indians?
What is the location for Lakewood Park Christian?
Which county has the mascot of Bruins?
Which school joined in 1971 and left in 1975?
Which IHSAA class A school are the Cavaliers from?
Which county do the Trojans come from?
What is the average ranking for a react of 0.17300000000000001 and less than 5 lanes?
What is the 4th day when the 2nd day is Bumped Caius?
What is the year that the 3rd say is Rowed-Over and the 4th day was bumped Corpus Christi?
What is the 3rd day when the 4th day is bumped by Caius?
What was the 4th day in the year before 2012 that the finish is 33rd?
Which Type has a Responsible of stavangerske?
Which one was built in 2006 on the vessel named mf ørland?
What is the sum of gold medals won by teams that won 5 total medals and fewer than 2 bronze medals?
What is the sum of gold medals won by teams that won fewer than 3 silver medals, more than 1 total medal, and rank 10?
What nation won fewer than 14 total medals, 1 silver medal, and rank 5?
Which IHSAA Football Class has an IHSAA Class of aa, and an Enrollment of 475?
Which School has a Location of peru?
Which Mascot has an IHSAA Class of aaa, and a Location of russiaville?
Which IHSAA Class has a School of taylor?
what is the date when the opponent is leeds united?
what is the date when scorers is parkinson?
who is the opponent on 31 jul?
what is the result when the opponent is blackburn rovers?
What was the result on week 6?
What is the sum on week against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers with less than 60,320 in attendance?
What is the highest week with a w 33-14 result?
What percentage of users were using Netscape during the period in which 21.67% were using Firefox?
What percentage of users were using Safari during the period in which 2.33% were using Opera?
What percentage of users were using Netscape during the period in which 63.67% were using Internet Explorer?
What percentage of users were using Firefox during the period in which *0.77% were using Netscape?
What percentage of users were using other Mozilla browsers during the period in which 2.29% were using Opera?
What percentage of users were using Opera during the period in which 63.67% were using Internet Explorer?
Which Country has Entities of emsa?
Which Power (MW) has a Voltage (kV) of 500, and a Country of argentina?
How much Voltage (kV) has a Country of argentina, and a Power (MW) larger than 30, and a Supply point of yacyretá?
What is the international alphabet sanskrit transliteration of मेष?
What is the quality of the international alphabet of the sanskrit transliteration for the word Dhanus?
What is the lowest number for the english word Aquarius?
What is the Sanskrit for the Greek word λέων?
What date has wrexham as the home team?
What away team has 7 as the tie no.?
What away team has wrexham as the home team?
What home team has 6 as the tie no.?
What was the kickoff time for the December 14, 2003 game?
What is Zimbabwe's rank?
What is Meagen Nay's rank with a lane greater than 5?
What is the debut year for the player with fewer than 54 games, fewer than 8 goals and 1989 at club?
What are the years for the player with fewer than 62 goals, debut year of 1981 and 28 games?
What is the debut year of Mark Eaves?
How many times is the team nu bulldogs and the women's is less than 19?
what is the average women's when men's is less than 113, the team is ue red warriors and the rank is higher than 6?
what is the least rank when the total is less than 219 and women's is less than 19?
Which Player has a Total of 9, and an Opposition of offaly?
Which County has an Opposition of offaly?
Which Player has a Total smaller than 11, and a Tally of 0-9?
What country has todd hamilton as the player?
What country has david toms as the player?
Which date was a rest day?
What is the location for 2012?
What are the rounds for champion New Zealand (130 points)?
For which season is Tim Mikkelson player of the year?
What company collaborated in SBI-087 for rheumatoid arthritis?
What company collaborated in non-hodgkin lymphoma?
What company collaborated in pre-clinical autoimmune disease and inflammation?
Which study included autoimmune disease and inflammation?
What did the phase 2b status target?
What company collaborated with non-hodgkin lymphoma?
what is the average water sqmi with a population (2010) more than 47 in the Brenna Township with Longitude less than -97.171507
what is the latitude for the berlin township with a geo id less than 3801706260
what is the highest ANSI code with a latitude more than 47.623288 and a geo id more than 3805508060 with land (sqmi) more than 35.66 and a longitude less than -102.054248
what is the lowest latitude for the land sqmi less than 32.696 and a water sqmi less than 0
What's the sum of Quantity for the Class of 1928 of CI-30?
What Class to 1928 has the Quantity smaller than 440 and Seats of 29/29?
What is the best fit (all data) when the parameter shows fluctuation amplitude at 8h −1 mpc?
What is the symbol when the best fit (WMAP, extra parameter) of –, and a Best fit (WMAP only) is .4 ± .3?
What is the best fit (WMAP, extra parameter)when the best fit (all data) is .0224 ± .0009?
What is the best fit (all data) when the best fit (WMAP, extra parameter) shows —?
What is the parameter when the best fit (WMAP only) is .9 ± .1, and symbol is a?
What is the parameter when the best fit (WMAP only) is .9 ± .1, and a best fit (WMAP, extra parameter) is .92 ± .12?
What is the highest heat for more than 3 lanes and a time of 2:09.12?
What is Russia's time with a heat higher than 3?
What is Hungary's time with a heat higher than 2 and two lanes?
When the name is badnawar, and the reserved for (sc / st /none) of none what is the constituency number?
What is the number of electorates when the name is badnawar?
What is the average number of electorates (2009) when the district is indore?
What is the name when the reserved is (sc / st /none) of st, with a constituency number 196?
What is the nationality for rank 27?
What is the sum rating with more than 1 comp for mark miller?
What is the games average with less than 3.8 in rating and less than 9 yards?
What is the average rating for john kidd with more than 0 yards?
Which Share of seats has a European election (UK) of 2009?
Which European election (UK) has a Share of votes of 19%?
What is the fewest bronzes for ranks of 3 with totals under 2?
Which rank is Austria?
What is the sum of bronzes for countries with 1 gold and under 1 silver?
What is the total number of totals for nations with 1 silver and more than 1 bronze?
What is the Nationality of the athlete in 1999 Fort-de-France in the Triple Jump?
What is the Date of the athlete in the shot put Event?
What District has a Member with a First Election date of 1985?
What Party is Member Alicia Hughes from?
What Position does First Elected in 2003 William D. Euille hold ?
What is Kerry J. Donley's First Election date?
What is Kerry J. Donley's Party?
What is the Position of the person with a First Election of 1988 as Vice Mayor 2009?
What are the final points a 0 total and 22 draws?
Who received 6,131 televotes?
What are televotes for 1 draw?
What is the draw for the artist Ketil Stokkan which has less than 44 points?
Which artist speaks croatian?
what is 2006/07 when 2007/08 is nr?
what is 2010/11 when 2003/04 is former ranking tournaments?
what is 2005/06 when 2004/05 is not held and 2010/11 is a?
what is 2007/08 when 2005/06 is not held and 2004/05 is lq?
what is 2003/04 when 2002/03 is not held, 2008/09 is lq, 2009/10 is lq and 2005/06 is not held?
what is 2005/06 when 2007/08 is a, 2002/03 is lq and 2011/12 is a?
Which Score has High points of douglas (15)?
Which High assists have a Game larger than 21, and a Record of 18-6?
Which Record has a Location of madison square garden?
For what total was 37.410 (4) the 1st run?
Who had a 2nd run of 39.296 (5)?
What is the greatest total when the 3rd run was 48.734 (8)?
What is the 3rd run was 41.256 (6) the 2nd run?
With a 3rd run of 37.805 (6), what was the 1st run?
What is the 1st run when 37.496 (4) is the 3rd run?
Which 2012 has a 2009 smaller than 3.38?
Which 2009 has a 2012 larger than 9,265?
Which 2012 has a 2008 of 24,473, and a 2009 smaller than 25,616?
Which 2010 has a 2008 larger than 3.41, and a 2009 smaller than 9,344, and a 2011 smaller than 26,452, and a 2012 smaller than 87.9?
How much 2012 has a 2011 smaller than 26,452, and a 2009 larger than 3.38, and a 2008 smaller than 90.3?
who is the champion when the year is earlier than 2012, the runner-up (average in final) is steve beaton (97.16)?
what is the venue when the runner-up is £20,000, the champion (average in final) is phil taylor (109.35)?
what is the legs when the year is earlier than 2009?
what is the venue when the runner-up (average in final) is wayne jones (94.64)?
What is the legs when the venue is rwe-sporthalle, mülheim and the runner-up (average in final) is simon whitlock (99.59)?
What is the 110m H number when the overall points are 7835 (sb)?
What is the 100 m time when the 110 m H number is 0 dnf?
What is the 110 m H when the 1500 m time is 693 4:37.96 min?
What is the 400 m time when the 100 m time is 814 11.21 s, and the 110 m H is 846 15.03 s?
What is the 100 m time when the overall points are dnf, and the 400 m is dns?
Which Result has a Venue of kinnarps arena, and a Date of thursday, february 19?
Which Attendance has a Home of djurgårdens if, and a Round of 53?
Which Date has an Attendance larger than 5,804, and a Result of 6–3?
Which Attendance has a Round of 52, and a Home of södertälje sk?
What is the Record of the game with an Attendance of 70,604?
Who is the Opponent in the game with a Record of 1–3–0?
What is the Record of the game with an Attendance of 70,479?
What was the winning score on Aug 21, 1977?
What's the margin of victory during the Pocono Northeast Classic?
What's the winning score on Feb 12, 1978?
Who were the runner(s)-up with a winning score of -7 (67-72-70=209)?
Which Name has a Year larger than 2001, and a Length of 52 x 20 mins?
What was the type after 2004?
Which Relation has a Year larger than 2000, and a Length of 8 x 20 mins?
Which Relation has a Type of tv, and a Name of ohanami?
What is the majority when the clone independence is no?
what is the consistency & participation when pareto efficiency is yes and condorcet is no?
what is the reversal symmetry when non-dictatorship is yes, consistency & participation is no, and clone independence is yes?
what is the reversal symmetry when non-dicatorship is no and pareto efficiency is no?
what is the monotone when pareto efficiency is yes, non-dictatorship is yes, and clone independence is yes?
what is the reversal symmetry when the non-dictatorship is no and condorcet loser is no?
For the English translation Someone Like You, what is the lowest draw?
The English translation of Sing has what average points?
What is Germany's lowest heat ranked after 24?
What is the rank for Denmark?
What is the highest lane for Christine Mailliet ranked less than 39?
What season had the title "A Safe Place"?
What season was the episode "Solitary Confinement", written by Fiona Kelly?
What was the title of the episode written by Robert Haywood?
Which Player has Goals larger than 10, and a Debut year smaller than 1993, and Years at club of 1990–1993?
Which Goals have Games of 51, and a Debut year smaller than 1992?
Which Year Joined has an Enrollment smaller than 726, and a School of tri-west?
What is lebanon's enrollment?
What is the enrollment of the school whose mascot is hot dogs?
When did crawfordsville join?
what is the average b score when the gymnast is kōhei uchimura ( jpn )?
what is the b score when the a score is 6.9?
what is the sum of the b score when the a score is 6.6 and the total is 15.6?
What is Myron Walwyn with a Territorial at-large Constiuency's First Elected Date
What is the Party of the council member for the Fifth District?
What is the medal total when there is 2 gold medals, and Brazil (BRA) is the nation?
Which nation has the number of silver medals greater than 1, and bronze medals as 1?
What is the least total number of medals when the bronze medals is 1, and Czech Republic (CZE) is the nation?
For what nation is the gold medals 0, and the bronze medals less than 1?
What is the most gold medals when the bronze medals were 0, and the silver medals greater than 1?
What is the total bronze medals when the silver medals is 0, and 1 is the rank, Brazil (BRA) is the nation, and the gold medals is less than 2?
What Nation has more than 4 silver, more than 3 gold and 18 total medals?
Who is listed as the Runners-up that also has a Winner of Hajduk Split (3)?
What is the Japanese Title of the Episode on NTV Station with a Romaji Title of Kuitan 2?
What are the Ratings of Japanese Title プロポーズ大作戦 episode 11 on Fuji TV station?
What Episode on TV Asahi Station has Rating of 12.0%?
What is the TV Station of the episode with a Romaji Title of Tokkyuu Tanaka Sangou?
Which class had a rank of 2nd?
How many wins did the 500cc class have in 1979?
What is the total of the points for wins under 6 and a rank of 2nd?
Which class had 110 points?
What is the average year having 142 points?
On what date were the 1997 Bridgetown games in which a Martinique girl competed?
What is the date of the games that saw a record of 43.66 m?
On which date was the record of 43.89 m set?
Which games saw a record set in the long jump event?
Which manufacturer has a year made of 4-6-0 — ooooo — ten-wheeler?
What is the quantity made number for the quantity preserved 4-6-0 — ooooo — ten-wheeler?
Which Average has a Tally of 2-12, and a Total larger than 18?
What is the ISHAA class for the International School?
What school is in 41 Johnson county?
What is the mascot for the team smaller than 154 from 49 Marion?
What is the size of the International school?
What was the score that has a To par of −3, for Branden Grace?
What player has a score less than 66, and a Place of t2, in the United States?
What is the score when To par was −3, in South Africa, for Richard Sterne?
What is the average number of goals for games played that total more than 8?
What is the sum of wins and the sum of losses less than 4 for teams larger than 20?
What are the sales in Japan for the release totaling 1.82 million?
Which date had Japanese sales of 0.61 million?
Which date had Japanese sales of 0.57 million?
Which date had Japanese sales of 0.59 million?
what is the date when the attendance is more than 45,218, week is higher than 9 and result is w 17-10?
what is the highest attendance for week 6?
what is the highest week when the date is october 6, 1975 and attendance is higher than 79,384?
what is the geo id when the land (sqmi) is less than 36.112, the latitude is more than 47.536618, the township is west bay and water (sqmi) is more than 0.209?
what is the township when the land (sqmi) is more than 36.112, the geo id is higher than 3801985060 and the latitude is 46.062384?
what is the longitude when the water (sqmi) is 0.317 and the ansi code is higher than 1759695?
what is the county when the latitude is more than 48.581299, ansi code is more than 1037103 and the geo id is 3801985060?
what is the highest longitude for county mountrail and the water (sqmi) is less than 0.075?
What is the nation when gold is 0, bronze is more than 0 and rank is 16?
what is the silver when the nation is syria (syr) and gold is more than 0?
what is the average gold when rank is total and silver is more than 20?
what is the most silver when bronze is more than 0, total is more than 1, gold is more than 0 and the nation is china (chn)?
Where was the London Marathon held?
In what years did Salina Kosgei compete in Singapore?
In what position did Salina Kosgei finish in the Tokyo Marathon?
What is the Heat of the 34 Rank swimmer with a Time of 49.49 or less?
What is Dominik Meichtry's Time in Heat 7 or lower?
What is the comp for games less than 2?
What is the highest comp for ratings less than 52.8 and yards less than 0?
What is the sum of yards for a 118.7 rating?
What is the highest yards for a rating larger than 52.8 and more than 13 games?
What is the release date when the release price (usd) is $346 and the turbo is 9/11?
what is the i/o bus when the sspec numebr is sr0n5(l1)?
What is the l3 cache when the sspec number is sr0r2(l1)sr0t6(l1)?
what is the part number(s) when the turbo is 9/11 and the frequency is 1.5 ghz?
What was the time for the match that resulted in a loss in less than 3 rounds?
What is the Name of the Player from the 2008 Panasonic Panthers Club?
What is the Weight of the Player with a 2008 Club of Tokai University?
Which Hometown/School has a Team of cleveland indians?
Which Player has a Pick smaller than 11, and a Position of rhp, and a Team of new york mets?
Which Hometown/School has a Team of atlanta braves?
What's the most enrollment in Hamilton?
What's the school that has an enrollment more than 441 with chargers as their mascot?
What's the total enrollment in 57 Noble having a # and AA as the IHSAA Class?
What year joined had an enrollment less than 438 and an AA as the IHSAA Class?
what is the branding when the call sign is ckua-fm-3?
what is the format when the frequency is fm 94.5?
who is the owner of fm 94.5?
what is the language/rebroadcast for cbc radio one?
what is the frequency when the format is contemporary christian music?
what is the branding when the owner is jim pattison group and the frequency is fm 94.5?
What is the fewest number of draws with more than 9 losts and more than 16 goals scored?
How many total draws was played less than 18 with 11 losts?
What is the total goals scored with more than 11 points, 18 goals conceded, and played fewer than 18 times?
What is the Record of the 1991 Port of Spain Games?
What is the Record of the 2012 Hamilton Games from Bahamas?
What is the Record of the 3000 M?
What is the Record of the 2013 Nassau Games?
What is the Quantity made when class is f-7?
What is the Class of 1899–1900?
What is the manufacturer with a wheel arrangement of 2-8-0, and Year made of 1883?
What is the quantity when the wheel arrangement is 2-8-0, and class is f-4?
What wheel arrangement has a fleet number(s) of 45–46?
What manufacturer has a year made of 1883?
Which Result has an Attendance larger than 64,526 on october 16, 1988?
When hasn an Attendance larger than 66,926?
what is the manner of departure when the date of vacancy is 15 september 2008?
who is the replacement when the team is port vale?
who is the replacement when the team is bournemouth and the outgoing manager is kevin bond?
who is the outgoing manager when the manner of departure is contract terminated and the date of vacancy is 1 september 2008?
what is the date of vacancy when the manner of departure is contract terminated, the position in table is 23rd and the date of appointment is 31 december 2008?
who is the replacement when the date of vacancy is 1 september 2008?
How many times did Morgan win The Masters Tournament with fewer than 12 appearances?
What is the lowest losses for a team that has 0 draws, fewer than 4 wins, and no Byes?
What Population has a Median family income of $38,044?
What county has a Median family income of $37,667?
What is the Median family income if the Population is larger than 26,233 and has a Per capita income of $20,805?
What is the highest Population that has a Median household income of $32,902 with a number of households less than 11,125
What's the 1851 when 1881 had 764?
What's the year when 1851 had 634?
What's the 1881 when 1871 had 1017?
What's the 1861 had 1991 in 1881 and a year of year?
What's the 1881 with 1961 in 1851?
Who was the stage winner when the start of stage is Cauterets?
What is the distance for José-Manuel Fuente when the stage was less than 16?
Who was the stage winner when the stage was more than 10 and yellow jersey was Joseph Planckaert?
What is the Start of stage when Bernard Hinault was the stage winner?
who was the Stage winner when the stage was smaller than 16, earlier than 1986, and a distance (km) was 19.6?
What year was yellow jersey of Jacques Anquetil?
What's the GPU model that has sSpec number SR16Z(c0)?
What's the L3 cache that has a low power part number?
What's the GPU frequency that has ultra-low power in cores?
What's the cores with the part number cl8064701477202?
What is the To par for the player that won in 2003, with a total larger than 145?
What is United States total in the year(s) won of 2000 , 2005 , 2006?
Who was the player from the United States, with a total larger than 145?
What is the Year won for the player with a To par of 8?
What is the To par  of the United States, when the Total was 145, in 2004?
What is the fewest tally for the game played at Vasil Levski National Stadium, Sofia, Bulgaria?
For what competition was the game played on 28 March 2009?
The swimmer in lane 7 has what as the smallest rank?
Swimmer Aurore Mongel has what nationality?
Swimmer Jiao Liuyang has what for the sum of lane?
For the swimmer in the lane less than 4, and is ranked greater than 4 what was the time?
Swimmer Audrey Lacroix finished in what time?
In which competition was Moradi's time 1:48.58?
In which event did Moradi compete and finish in 2nd at the Asian Championships in Kobe, Japan held after 2005?
What competition was held earlier than 2007 and has 7434 in the notes field?
What event has 7860 notes?
What venue has 7964 pb notes?
How many times is vuelta wins when points is more than 0, country is spain and the name is josé pérez-francés?
Which constituency number has a name of Timarni?
What is the reserved for value for constituency number 132?
What is the place of the player with a 72-70-67=209 score?
What is the to par of player hunter mahan?
What is the to par of canada?
What album came out before 2008 called We're not Made in the USA?
What is the average year for Faces?
What is livorno's average election?
Which Election has a Party of democratic party, and a Mayor of leonardo betti?
Which Inhabitants have a Mayor of matteo renzi, and an Election larger than 2009?
Which Inhabitants have a Party of democratic party, and a Municipality of florence, and an Election smaller than 2009?
Which Seatshave a Share of votes of 18%, and a Share of seats of 3%, and a General election smaller than 1992?
How much General election has a Share of votes of 17%?
Which Seats have a Share of votes of 18%, and a Share of seats of 3%, and a General election larger than 1992?
Which Share of seats has Seats smaller than 52, and a Name of sdp–liberal alliance, and a General election of 1983?
How many years have a 4th Day of bumped wolfson?
Which 3rd day has a 4th Day of rowed-over, and a Finish position of 55th?
Which Finish position has a 4th Day of bumped robinson?
Which 1st day has a 3rd day of bumped 1st & 3rd trinity?
What is the voltage when the L2 cache is 2 × 256 kb and the turbo is 5/8?
What is the L2 cache with ec number of slbmm(c2)slbsr(k0)?
What is the voltage when there are 2 cores, turbo is 5/8 and the release date is September 2010?
What is the frequency for I/O bus of DMI, voltage of 0.725–1.4v and part cn80617004458ab?
What is I/O bus when socket is socket g1bga-1288?
What is the memory when release date is January 2010 and socket is BGA-1288?
How many Premierships have Nicknamed of kangaroos?
What is the IHSAA class for Muncie Burris?
What is the IHSAA class for Muncie Cowan?
What is the location where enrollment is 266 and and the county is 18 Delaware?
What is the enrollment at the school with IHSAA class A and where mascot is the Vikings?
What is the IHSAA class for the school where the mascot is the Rebels?
What is the location with enrollment of 316 and county is 68 Randolph?
What result took pace in 2009 and had an award of sopot international song festival?
Which award took place after 2009?
What year had the category of best international newcomer?
What's the HPO4 2 that has less than 89.3 as an H2PO 4 and 3.02×10 −5 as the PO4 3?
What the [A] that has more than 8.29 as the H2PO 4 and 1.30×10 −8 as the PO4 3?
What's the [A] when the H2PO 4 is 61.7?
Which Player has an Opposition of clare?
Which Total has a Player of matt ruth?
Which Rank has a Player of matt ruth?
How many byes were there recorded with 0 draws?
How many draws occured with a record of 10 losses, and 6 wins?
How many byes were there with an Against of 1655 and more than 10 wins?
What was the against were there were less than 3 byes?
What's the general classification of Ignatas Konovalovas when the mountains classification was Stefano Garzelli and points classification was Danilo Di Luca?
What's the mountains classification when the points classification is Alessandro Petacchi and the general classification is Danilo Di Luca?
Who was the winner of Stage 9 when then general classification was Danilo Di Luca?
What is the stage of winner Carlos Sastre when the general classification was Denis Menchov?
What's the points classification of Stage 18 when the general classification was Denis Menchov?
What's the mountains classification of winner Carlos Sastre when the general classification is Denis Menchov?
Who is team 2 with a 2nd leg of 0-2?
Who is team 1 with an agg of 2-5?
Who was the director of the episode Rebel Rabbit?
How many years have claudia beni as the artist?
What song has filipa sousa as an artist?
How many rounds have a Surface of wintry asphalt?
Which Surface has a Support Category of jwrc/pwrc, and a Round larger than 5?
Which Rally Name has a Surface of asphalt and gravel?
Which dates have a Rally HQ of kingscliff?
Which Round has a Rally HQ of salou?
Who were the Opponents on December 18, 2005?
Which Coach has a Runner-up of northeastern and a Score of 6–3?
Name the Score of the Year larger than 2004 and a Runner-up of northeastern?
Name the Runner-up of a Year in 1963?
Name the highest Year with a Score of 4–1?
Which Start has a Qual of 207.590?
Which Year has a Rank of 25?
Which Laps have a Finish of 15?
Which Qual has Laps smaller than 195, and a Rank of 25?
Which Rank has a Finish of 8?
Which Rank has a Heat larger than 7?
Which Heat has a Nation of australia, and a Rank larger than 7?
What is the average number of podiums for drivers with under 12 finishes and under 1 start?
What is the number of wins associated with 1 point, more than 1 start, and under 7 finishes?
What is the number of finishes associated with 13 starts, more than 169 points, and 96 stage wins?
Who directed the episode with production code 40811-005?
What is the title of the episode with production code 40811-002?
Who wrote "The Six Stages of Marshall"?
what is the tournament when the score is 2-6, 4-6?
what is the outcome on april 24, 1988?
What is the date when the tournament is san diego and the opponent is ann grossman?
what is the outcome when the tournament is san diego and the opponent is ann grossman?
what is the score when the opponent is ann grossman?
what is the outcome when the tournament is tokyo?
In what Year was the 32nd Ceremony with winner William A. Horning in the Film North by Northwest?
In what Year was the Film Your National Gallery winner?
What is the Film with winner Jerome Kern in the 19th Ceremony?
What is the Academy Award for the Film Educating Peter?
Which Number of electorates (2009) has 188 Constituents?
Which Reserved for has a District of khargone, and a Number of electorates (2009) larger than 151,814, and a Name of kasrawad?
Who is the runner(s)-up with a winning score of +4 (74-77-75=226)?
Who is the runner(s)-up with a winning score of −5 (72-71-68=211)?
What date was there a playoff on the margin of victory during the Shirley Englehorn Invitational?
Who is the runner(s)-up for the Lady Carling Open with 3 strokes margin of victory?
What is the attendance in a week larter than 4, on December 6, 1992?
What week has a Date of October 4, 1992?
What is the date when the result was l 37-3?
What is the attendance when the opponent was the Houston Oilers?
Which Lane has a Reaction Time smaller than 0.199, and a Country of united states, and a Name of muna lee, and a Time larger than 22.01?
How many Lanes have a Country of jamaica, and a Name of kerron stewart, and a Time larger than 22?
How many Times have a Reaction Time larger than 0.17500000000000002, and a Lane of 3?
Which Lane has a Country of united states, and a Time smaller than 22.01, and a Reaction Time smaller than 0.193?
What's the ladder position when team is less than 10 and the Finals qualifications were DNQ?
What is the total teams during the 2012-13 season?
What's the ACL qualification when the minor ladder position is 5th and the finals qualifications were DNQ?
What's the finals qualification during the 2009-10 season?
Name the the average Lib Dem with Conservative smaller than 0?
Name the lowest Green with a Year larger than 2010, and a Labour larger than 29? Question 3
Name the average Independent with a Green larger than 7, and a Conservative smaller than 0?
Name the highest Labour with Lib Dem larger than 21?
What's the average that has a total more than 263,648, a high of 31,564, and ranking of 1st?
What's the total of the 2012-13 season when they're ranked 1st, a high more than 31,884 and an average more than 15,234?
What is the score in the final of the tournament with a clay surface on 18 April 2011?
What is the score in the final of the tournament with a hard surface?
Who is the opponent in the final on 24 November 2008?
What is the Opponent at the game with an Attendance of 64,900 in Week prior to 15 with a Result of L 38-31?
What is the Week of the game with an Attendance of 64,900 and a Result of L 34-13?
What is the Week of the game against Minnesota Vikings?
What is the Week of the game against Seattle Seahawks?
Which Total Goals have an FA Cup Goals of 0, and an FA Cup Apps of 3, and a Position of fw?
What year was Caroline Medina Miss Fire (3rd Runner-up)?
Who won Miss Air (1st Runner-up) when Catherine Untalan was Miss Water (2nd Runner-up) earlier than 2007?
what is the name when the sr no is less than 74 and floors is more than 36?
how many times is the building type residential and the locale yashodham?
what is the least floors when the building type is residential and the sr no is 8?
what is the height when the locale is nepean sea road, floors is more than 30 and sr no is 58?
what is the name that had 46 floors?
Which player from A-League 39 (110) has the highest games per goal?
What player had a finals score of 0 (10)?
Which player has a total of 8 (24)?
What's the week when the result was W 38-24 and attendance was less than 43,449?
What's the week when the Green Bay Packers were the opponent and less than 57,966 were in attendance?
Does it need neutral wire when the power line and open source are no?
Does Zigbee need neutral wire when the open source is yes?
What's the open source of X10 that no neutral wire needed?
What round had a time of 0:39?
What was the location of the competition with a Rank-Final of 1st and a Score-Qualifying under 28.975?
What competition had a Rank-Qualifying of 1st and a ball apparatus?
What is the date for the ship Afrika, with nationality Great Britain?
What is the highest tonnage for a ship from Great Britain named Newton Ash?
What was the nationality of the ship named Toward?
What was the nationality of the sunk ship named Rinos?
What is the Comp of the Shooter with a Score of 489.5?
What is the Date of Shooter New Targets from 1989's record?
With the title "Memories by Moonlight", and a less than 39 number in season, and a greater than 66 number in series, who was the written by?
Who directed the episode that was greater than 74 in the series, and had "Life Class" as the title?
What is the average total value for Spain?
What is the sum of silvers for countries in rank 8 with totals over 3?
What is the average total for countries with under 3 golds and 0 silvers?
What is the Studio of the Film directed by Paul Greengrass?
Who was the Director of Kung Fu Panda 2?
What is Year is Walt Disney Pictures Imagemovers Digital?
What is the Year of Rio?
What is the Total of Player Craig Stadler?
What is the Total of the Player who won in 1998?
What is the Total of the Player who won in 1979 with a To par of less than 11?
What lane did Bronte Barratt, who had a rank larger than 4, swim in?
In which lane did the swimmer with a time of 1:58.44 swim?
In which lane did the swimmer with a time of 1:57.01 and a rank smaller than 6 swim?
What is the result of round 4?
What venue was round 20 held at?
What is the report for round 9?
What is the highest rank of an athlete from Switzerland in a heat larger than 3?
What were the goals for the player whose years at club were 1908–1911, 1913–1919?
What are the most goals listed when Jack Trehey was the player, with the listed debut year of 1902, games less than 1?
For player Wally Johnson, with goals larger than 0, the debut year later than 1904, and games greater than 136, what were the years at club?
What is the highest debut year for player Joe Youlden, with goals larger than 0?
What is the lowest goals listed for player Sid O'neill, with Games larger than 1?
What's the date the score was 379?
What's the comp when the score was 393?
What average total has 41.241 (3) as the 1st run?
How many totals have 38.023 (6) as the 3rd run?
What name has a rank less than 3, with 36.076 (1) as the 3rd run?
Which College/junior/club team has a Round of 4?
What is the Population 1961 of West Sussex with a Population of 120,952 or less?
What is the Population n1891 of the County with Sleaford Headquarters?
What's the mascot in Anderson for the Independent previous conference?
What's the location for the Spartans?
What's the mascot in Huntington after the year 2000?
How many Spectators have a Date of 17 june 2006, and a Time (CET) larger than 15?
What is the total number of cuts made when the top-25 is more than 0, and top-5 is more than 1?
What is the total number of cuts made when the events are more than 3?
What episodes had the title ロト6で3億2千万円当てた男 in Japanese?
What Japanese title had average ratings at 9.1%?
Which TV station had a Romaji Title Maou?
What Japanese title had average ratings of 9.2% on the NHK station?
What Japanese show on NHK had average ratings of 9.2%?
What is the 1st leg when team 2 is Asil Lysi?
What is the 2nd leg when Ermis Aradippou is the first team?
What is the average number of gold medals won among the nations that won more than 1 bronze?
What is the average number of bronze medals won among nations that won at least 1 medal and are not ranked 1st?
What is the least number of gold medals won among nations ranked 1 with no silver medals?
Which athlete represented the country of egypt?
What rank did rower have with the time of 6:52.74?
What were the notes for the player who finished with a rank smaller than 2?
What is the highest week that has carolina panthers as the opponent?
Which opponent has September 14, 2003 as the date?
What is the highest week that has September 14, 2003 as the date?
What is the lowest week that has November 30, 2003 as the date?
Which League Goals have FA Cup Apps of 2, and Total Goals smaller than 0?
How many League Cup Goals have Total Apps of 36, and Total Goals smaller than 1?
Which position has 5 total apps?
What is the population density (per km) that has -6.7 as the change (%)?
What population density (per km) that has 84 as the population (2006)?
Name the socket of sSpec number of sr0pk(e1)?
Which Release date has a sSpec number of sr0pk(e1)?
Which Part number(s) has a Model number of core i7-3770?
Which Part number(s) has a L3 cache of 8 mb and a sSpec number of sr0pl(e1)?
Which Release price (USD ) has a GPU frequency of 650–1150 mhz and a sSpec number of sr0pq(e1)?
Which Release price (USD ) that has a Release date on april 2012 and a Part number(s) of cm8063701211900bx80637i73770s?
When the genre is fighting what is the game?
What game has a platform(s) of playstation 3, when the genre is platform game?
What is the platform(s) for the year 2006 (10th)?
What is the genre for the year 2012 (16th)?
What year has a genre the platform game?
What genre has the game god of war?
What is the score for Lucas Glover of the United States?
What is the score for Todd Hamilton?
What player has a To par of –2, and a Score of 73-65=138?
What is the score of Nick Taylor (a)?
What is the place of the person with a score of 67-70=137?
What school is in the Missouri Synod school corporation?
What school corporation has a mascot of Bruins and joined in 1971?
What is Bishop Luers IHSAA class in football?
What IHSAA football class do the Generals play in?
what is the attendance on december 14, 2003?
what is the attendance when the week is 5?
what is the attendance on october 19, 2003?
What rank was the swimmer in lane 4?
What is the highest lane for the poland swimmer who ranked under 6?
What is the CPU speed(s) of the New Plus type hardware?
Which CPU chip(s) is used in the Classic type hardware?
What is the type of the RCA RW-2110, which has 2 MB of storage and a v.90 modem?
What is the CPU chip in the Dishplayer 7100, which is a dish tuner with a v.90 modem?
What brand is the RW-2100 model?
What's the highest Date listed that has U-boats destroyed (Pola) of 1?
What is the listed Tonnage that has U-boats destroyed (KuK) of 2 and Ships sunk (Pola) of (not recorded)?
What is the listed Tonnage for the Date of 1914?
What is listed as the average Date that has U-boats destroyed (KuK) of 2 with Tonnage of 1,514,050?
Which Prominence (m) has a Rank of 10, and a Col (m) smaller than 50?
Which Rank has a Prominence (m) of 1,798, and a Col (m) larger than 810?
How much Prominence (m) has an Elevation (m) of 2,797, and a Col (m) smaller than 0?
How much Elevation (m) has a Col (m) smaller than 562, and a Rank of 10, and a Prominence (m) larger than 1,598?
Which Rank has a Col (m) of 0, and a Peak of aoraki/mount cook, and a Prominence (m) larger than 3,755?
In which city was the Night of the Living Duck released?
On what title was Stephen Fossatti the director of?
Which Year has Notes of 87.17 m?
Which Position has Notes of 68.76 m?
Which Notes have a Year of 2002?
Which nation had 3 bronze?
what is the sspec number when the socket is standard power?
what is the gpu model when the frequency is 3.4 ghz and the sspec number is sr00b(d2)?
what is the turbo when the part number is cm8062300834302bx80623i72600bxc80623i72600?
what is the turbo when the cores is standard power?
what is the part number when the release date is january 2011, the frequency is 3.4 ghz and the release price (usd) is $317?
what is the part number that has a turbo of low power?
What is the place of birth when the elevator is Nicholas IV, and elector is Napoleone Orsini Frangipani?
What is the elevator when the elector is Pietro Colonna?
What is the elevator when elevated is May 16, 1288, and cardinalatial title shows Deacon of S. Adriano?
What is the cardinalatial title when the elevated is September 18, 1294, and elector is Bérard De Got?
What is the place of birth when elevated is May 16, 1288, and cardinalatial title is Deacon of S. Eustachio?
What format was the release in form the Edsel label, and that was from the EDCD 262 catalog?
Released on April 12, 1968 in LP format, what was the catalog?
From what catalog was the release that happened on April 12, 1968, and in LP format?
From what catalog was the release from Sundazed label?
When was the release that was in SACD (hybrid) format?
The release from Simply Vinyl label was on what date?
what is the heat when the nationality is australia and the rank is less than 1?
What is the fewest Al Ahly wins for El Zamalek wins of 0 and 0 draws?
Which competition had 2 draws?
What is the sum of draws for El Zamalek wins under 36, total over 2, and Al Ahly wins over 37?
What is the average number of draws for Al Ahly wins over 59?
What is the latitude that has a longitude larger than -101.819319 in Martin and a GEO ID of 3809951140?
What is the latitude with a GEO ID larger than 3806352640, and a Land(sqmi) of 34.345?
what is the final score when the opponent is platense?
what is the date when the opponent is real españa?
what is the date when the opponent is real juventud?
what is the final score when the date is 2009-02-26?
who is playing for when the opponent is deportes savio and the date is 2010-03-11?
Which Rank that is on september 9, 2004?
Which Rank has an Attendance larger than 24,102, and a Date of september 15, 2012?
Which Opponent is on september 9, 2004?
What were the results for November 24, 2002?
What is the greatest lane that David Payne was in when he ran longer than 13.17?
Who had the time 13.6?
What is the position of the player for the Baltimore Orioles?
What is the name of the player from Vanderbilt University?
What is the lowest pick number for Arturo McDowell, who plays the OF position for the San Francisco Giants?
What school did the player drafted for the New York Mets attend?
What's the round of 32 during the 56kg when the quarterfinals, semifinals, and finals did not advance?
Who was the athlete in the 56kg event having a did not advance in the finals?
What's the 69kg of Round 16?
What's the quarterfinals when the rank was bronze?
What is Hon. Vicente Q. Roxas appointment date?
What is the Draw number of the song by Artist of "Loudest Whisper" with 68 or less Points with a place of 9 or larger?
What is the Place of the Song by Artist Rosie Hunter with a Draw of 1 or larger?
Which Bronze has a Total larger than 7 and a Silver of 3, and a Games of summer, and a Gold of 5?
What is the tonnage of the Eldena?
What show has a time of 4:00pm–5:00am?
What's the show that has 60 minutes as the news freq?
What time that is networked has an ad freq of 20 minutes until 7pm?
What's time is Best Mix Overnight?
What show has Cameron Humphries DJ'ing?
Which res has a Time of 5:00, and a Method of decision (unanimous), and a Record of 1–0?
Which Event has Res of loss, and a Time of 5:00, and an Opponent of lance everson?
What is the heat for the time 57.97?
How many heats does Julia Wilkinson have?
Who has more than 4 heat for Germany and 7 lanes?
Who has less than 3 lanes for France?
Who is the Cincinnati College player?
What is the Weight of the Player with Copra Nordmeccanica 2008 Club?
What is the Weight of the Player from Iskra Odintsovo 2008 Club?
What is the set 1 when the time is 13:00, and total is 97–74?
What set 2 has a total of 97–74?
What time has a Set 1 of 18–25?
What time has a Set 3 of 25–16?
What was the value in 2010 for the airport coded OTP/LROP?
What rank is an airport coded CLJ/LRCL, with a value larger than 32,561 and more than 1,028,907 in 2010?
What is the value in 2010 for an airport ranked higher than 3 located in Cluj-Napoca?
What was the venue when David Jacobs was the host?
What was the host for the semi final heat, when Terry Wogan was the National Final main host, and Gaby Roslin was the National Final co-host?
What is the name of the national final main host when the semi final/heat host shows internal selection in 2011?
What is the name of the national final co host when David Jacobs was the National final main host, and the selection show was a song for europe in 1966?
What is the selection show in 1969 when the Semi final/heat host shows there was no semi final/heat.
What is the name of the national final main host at BBC Television Centre, and the selection show was Eurovision: Your Country Needs You?
Can you tell me the Total that has the A Score larger than 6.4, and the B Score smaller than 9.025?
Can you tell me the total number of Total that has the B Score of 9.15?
Can you tell me the average B Score that has the Position of 2nd, and the Total smaller than 15.525?
Which Year(s) of manufacture has a Type of 1b n2, and a Quantity of 10?
Which Railway number(s) has a Year(s) of manufacture of 1899–1907?
What is the league listed that has goals of 10?
What is the team name that as games of 7?
What season has a Games listed of 10?
What is the league name that has a Games listing of 10?
What is the Season with goals of 6 and BCLA as the league?
What is the name of the team with a Games listing of 7?
What season had a 14th position?
What is the sum of poles of the firestone indy lights series before the 2009 season?
What is the highest f/laps with less than 0 wins?
What is the average wins with a 20th position and more than 0 f/laps?
What is the lowest poles of team comtec racing, which has a nc position?
what is the date when saros is more than 124, the type is total, the magnitude is more than 1.0535 and the time (greatest) is 20:55:28?
what is the sum of the member when the saros is more than 127, gamma is less than 1.1508 and the magnitude is 0.742?
When Travis Lee was picked, what was the highest pick?
What is the total number pick for seattle mariners team?
What is the sum of points for teams with 10 goals scored and under 3 wins?
What is the average number of losses for teams with under 16 points and under 3 draws?
What country has a time of 8:03.61?
What are the notes for Zimbabwe?
What is the time for South Korea?
The time of 8:34.27 was set by what athlete?
The Athlete Shin Yeong-eun with a rank larger than 3 and notes of FD had what time?
In which event did Fabuleux 5 get a result smaller than 70.88?
What is the class of Fabuleux 5 get less than 70.277 in the freestyle test?
What horse was shown by with Britta Näpel and got less than 71.909?
What is the result of Waldemar 27´s freestyle test?
what is the date for the tournament acapulco?
who is the opponent in the final when the tournament is cagnes-sur-mer?
what is the date for the tournament joué-lès-tours?
what is the score for the tournament cagnes-sur-mer?
what is the score on may 11, 1997?
What is the Date of the tournament with a Score of 6-1 6-3?
What is the Date of the Tournament against Anastasiya Yakimova?
What is the Opponent in final of the Pingguo Tournament?
What is the Score of the Pingguo Tournament?
What is the Surface of the Tournament on June 11, 2006?
What is the A-league with 39 saves?
What is the tally with a total larger than 8, Waterford was the opposition?
What is the tally when the opposition is Derry, and total is 14?
What's the year with a score of 305?
What's the To par of St Andrews before the year 1888?
What's the location that has a total of 149?
Who is the home team for the stadium located in Berlin?
What is the lowest number of f/laps in the 5th position?
What is the highest number of podiums before 2008 with a 5th position and more than 0 f/laps?
What is the lowest number of f/laps with more than 4 podiums and more than 14 races?
What is the earliest season with more than 14 races and more than 4 podiums?
What is the total number of poles with less than 0 wins?
What's the smallest draw that has a place bigger more than 1 and Anastasia Prikhodko as the artist?
What's the draw having the result of 10%?
What is the average tries for less than 117 points and less than 48 tries against?
Which 2008 has a City of durban?
Which Country has a Change (08/07) of unknown, and a 2008 larger than 1,102,497, and a City of luanda?
Which 2008 has an Airport of hurghada international airport?
Which 2008 has an Airport of julius nyerere international airport?
What capacity opened lessed than 1937 and is located in the region of champagne-ardenne?
What total number of opened has a stadium of stade de la mosson and is larger than 32,939 capacity?
Which song has a place greater than 7, more than 13 points, and draw of 5?
How many points does catcat have with more than 2 draws?
Which Place has an English translation of lullaby for my beloved?
Where is Croatian spoken?
When South warrnambool has more than 8 wins, what is the least amount of losses?
Cobden has more than 1487 against and what average of losses?
What episode number in the series was "facing the music" that was episode number greater than 6 in the season?
What is the Rank of the Player with a Time of 7:20.32 and Notes of FB?
What is the Time of the Player with a Rank of 2?
What is Alan Campbell's Country with Notes of FA?
What was the result of the 2000-01 season in which the IceGators were part of the Southwest division and were coached by Dave Farrish?
In which division were the IceGators when coached by Todd Gordon?
What is the average rank of a swimmer in lane 1?
What is the name of the swimmer in lane 6?
What is the earliest date for the bronze medal?
Who had the sport of athletics on a date earlier than 16?
what is the sport for wolfgang schattauer?
what is the date when the medal is bronze for athletics?
What gold has a year after 1970, with milan as the place?
Which Opened has a System of c-train, and a Daily ridership smaller than 269,600?
Which Stations are in vancouver, bc?
Which category has 5 stations?
Which Opened has a Category of diesel light rail?
What is the highest attendance among Group E games?
How many total games were played by the team which had a total of 16 points and less than 4 draws?
How many points are in the scored category for the team that has less than 5 draws, 8 total wins, and total overall points less than 27?
How many points are in the scored category for the team that played less than 18 games?
How many points are in the scored category for the team that has 8 total points and a position that is less than 10?
How many loses does the team have that conceded 25 and won more than 6 games?
Out of the teams that have scored lower than 25 points, have a total of points less than 20, and a position larger than 8, which has the lowest amount of draws?
How many bronze medals did the nation have that had less than 3 silver, 5 gold and ranked better than 31?
What's the bronze medal count of Spain that has less than 39 Gold, 3 silver, and a rank better than 35?
What's the total amount of USSR that has more than 0 gold, less than 85 silver and more than 6 bronze?
What's the lowest bronze medal amount that has fewer than 0 gold?
What's the total amount of Bulgaria that has more than 13 bronze?
what is the average attendance when the week is higher than 5 and the opponent is washington redskins?
What country has t6 as the place, with sean o'hair as the player?
What to par has 65 as the score?
What score has south africa as the country?
What is the Time of the Athlete with a Rank of 6?
How much Longitude has a County of nelson, and a Latitude larger than 47.980183?
Which Water (sqmi) has a County of benson, and an ANSI code smaller than 1759243?
Which Pop (2010) has an ANSI code smaller than 1036864, and a Longitude larger than -98.46611, and a Land (sqmi) smaller than 36.238, and a Latitude smaller than 48.144102?
Who did the Eagle's play on November 5, 1961?
What years have joyce couwenberg as the character?
What actor has goede tijden, slechte tijden, as the soap opera, 11 years as the duration, with rosa gonzalez as the character?
What actor has onderweg naar morgen, as the soap opera, with aafke couwenberg as the character?
What duration has rosa gonzalez as the character?
What is the Team of the Fullback Player?
What is the College of the Halfback Player?
Which Venue has Notes of 58.25 m, and a Competition of world championships?
Which Competition has a Year smaller than 2009, and Notes of 56.16 m?
Which Venue has Notes of 58.48 m?
Which Year has a Venue of bydgoszcz, poland?
How many years have a Position of 17th (q)?
What is the score when the home team is queens park rangers?
what is the date when the away team is bolton wanderers?
what is the score when the away team is tottenham hotspur?
who is the home team when the away team is ipswich town?
who is the away team when the home team is hartlepool united?
What was the Best Feature Film at the Macabro Film Festival?
what is the rank when the album is sean kingston?
how many times is the rank less than 6, certification 2x platinum and the peak position 2?
what is the lowest rank when the peak position is 2, certification is platinum and the album is my december?
What is the sales when the artist is kelly clarkson?
What percentage of people polled aligned with the Liberal party according to the August 2008 poll that reported 36% aligning with New Democratic party?
According to the August 2007 poll by the Corporate Research Associates that reported 32% Prog. Cons., what percentage aligned with the Liberal party?
Which firm conducted a poll in August 2006?
According to the February 2009 poll by the Corporate Research Associates that reported 31% Liberal., what percentage aligned with the Prog. Cons. party?
According to the August 2008 poll that reported 36% New Demcratic, what percentage aligned with the Liberal party?
What's the record of Barbados?
What's the event of Guadeloupe?
What's the date of the discus throw in 2010 Georgetown?
What is the number of staterooms when guests was larger than 210?
What is the number of guests for the Viking Ingvar, built earlier than 1990?
What is the earliest year built for the ship refurbished earlier than 2013?
Which gene is ongoing and has an intramuscular route of administration?
Which gene has the subject number 21?
What is the route of administration that has several ongoing and complete?
What is the statue of the aat gene, which has an intramuscular route of administration?
What is the fewest draws for teams having under 2 losses, more than 4 wins, and a position under 4?
What is the most losses for teams with under 2 wins, more than 6 points, and a position under 11?
What is the total number of positions having 1 loss and more than 9 conceded?
What is the venue of the competition with a result of 1st before 2009?
What was the venue of the 400 M Hurdles for the Olympic Games?
What was the earliest year for the 400 M Hurdles in Santiago, Chile?
What time does Belgium have?
Rank 6 has what notes?
Who has less than 5 rank and notes of fb?
Rank of 6 has what time?
What tournament is played on a carpet surface?
Which Gothic Letter has Proto-Germanic origin of /ɸ/; /b/?
What is the Proto-Germanic origin of the phoneme /[[|j]]/?
What is the Roman entry for the allophone of [[[|k]]]?
What is the Proto-Germanic origin associated with an allophone of [[[|k]]]?
The Proto-Germanic origin of /w/ is associated with what Roman entry?
The Roman value of t is associated with what allophone?
What is the IHSAA Class for a school in Munster with an enrollment of 1,206?
Where is the school located that has mustangs as a mascot?
What is the enrollment for the school Highland?
Which nominees won before year 2005?
Which episode in year 2003 that have Gary Murphy and Neil Thompson?
What is the average year with nominated result?
What is the lowest FA cup goals that have total goals less than 4, with Terry poole as the name?
How many FA cup goals have Jimmy Nicholson as the name, and league cup goals greater than 0?
What are the points against for 2001, and games won of 5 (3)?
What are the points against for 2000, when games won is 4 (1)?
What is the games lost when games played was 2, year was earlier than 1999, and points for was 24?
What is the earliest year when games drawn was 0, points against are 86?
What tournament or series was played in England, when games played was 4, points for were 121?
What's the average rating when the Romanji title was Mendol?
What's the ratings of TBS of Episode 10 and had a Japanese title of Scandal?
What's the Japanese title when the Romaji Title was Atsu-Hime?
What's the Japanese Title when the Romaji title was Ryūsei No Kizuna?
When the position in 2012-13 is 13th, third division what is the location?
What is the location for a club of telecom?
When the position in 2012-12 is 7th, third division what is the home ground?
What club has a league/division of fourth division?
When the position in 2012-23 is 4th, second division what is the club?
What location has a home ground of n/a, and position in 2012-13 of 13th, third division?
What is the usage for the f136e engline?
What is the for the f136fb engine?
What is the hometown of Mike White?
Which player was picked before 13, in a P position, and is from Georgia Tech?
Which Season has a UFL Cup of tbd?
Which PFF NMCC has a AFC PC of dnq?
Which Season has a UFL Cup of quarter-finals?
What is the sum of the grid of driver ryan hunter-reay, who has more than 24 points?
What is the total number of points of driver enrique bernoldi (r)?
Which TV Time has a Result of w 24–17?
Which Week has a TV Time of cbs 1:00pm, and an Attendance of 72,714?
Which TV Time has a Date of january 2, 2005?
What was the original name of the restaurant located in Orillia, ON?
What was the fate and location of the Ringstad?
What is the Score of the game with a Loss of Kiprusoff (2–2)?
Who was the partner on May 16, 2004?
Who was the match played against in the final on March 14, 2008?
What is the title of the production with a number of 1039?
What is the production number that has no reissue with a series of lt, a director of robert mckimson and the title of the up-standing sitter?
What is the title of the film with a production number of 1023?
What is the production number for the film, nothing but the tooth, directed by arthur davis with no reissue number and a series of mm?
What is the lowest gold that has a silver less than 2, Zimbabwe as the nation, and a bronze less than 1?
What's the nationality of Cardinal-Bishop of Albano?
What are the notes of Cardinal-Deacon of S. Maria in Portico?
Which Name has a Constituency number of 1?
Which Number of electorates (2009) has a District of sheopur, and a Constituency number of 1?
Which Name has a Reserved for of none, and a Constituency number of 7?
The game played at Sultan Qaboos Sports Complex, Muscat had what score?
What to par has t3 as the place and england as the country?
What country has money ($) greater than 233,125 and Tiger Woods as the player?
How many Games have an Average smaller than 46,864, and a W-L-T of 2-3-0, and an Attendance smaller than 98,776, and a Season larger than 1958?
How much Attendance has Games smaller than 6, and a W-L-T of 3-2-0, and a Season smaller than 1948?
Which Average that has a W-L-T of 5-1, and a Season smaller than 2001, and Games smaller than 6?
Which Opponent had an Attendance of 78,883?
On what date was the attendance a bye?
Which week was the December 21, 2003 game?
Which opponent had a bye for the TV Time?
At what arena was the September 21 game?
What was the record after the game against the Sharks at Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim?
What was the record after the game against the Sharks?
who is the player from arizona state?
what is the position of the player from florida?
what is the highest pick for the position tight end?
What is the lowest MPG-US combined for a green rating of E, mpg in the UK- combined of under 42.2, manufacturer of Volkswagen, and an M6 transmission?
What is the average L/100km urban value having an L/100km extraurban under 7.2, mpg combined in the UK under 39.8, l/100km combined over 7.9, and mpg combined in the US under 25.1?
What is the mpg-UK urban (cold) for a fuel type of diesel, extraurban MPG in the UK over 68.9, engine capacity of 1422, and L/100km urban (cold) over 5.1?
What is the green rating for the vehicle with L/100km urban (cold) over 10.9, mpg in the US (urban) over 14.1, manufacturer of Volkswagen, and engine capacity under 3189?
What is the average L/100km urban (cold) for engine capacities over 1910, mpg in the US (urban) under 25.3, mpg in the UK (combined) over 27.2, and mpg in the UK (urban, cold) of 22.4?
What is the lowest combined mpg in the US for the A6 transmission, a CO2 g/km under 303, engine capacity over 2461, and L/100km urban (cold) of 15.9?
What was the release date of the episode titled Drip-Along Daffy?
What is the reissue status of the episode titled Rabbit Every Monday?
Who is in October when Carina Ragnarsson is in November?
Who is in November in the year 1979?
Who is in December when November has Alexus Winston?
Who is in November after 1988 when Prinzzess is in October?
What is the line that has lucania as the ship and 1894 as the date?
Which Genre has a Developer(s) of naughty dog?
Which Year has a Game of resident evil 4?
Which Developer(s) has a Year of 2010?
Who is the Opponent of the match with a Record of 0-1?
What is the Time of the match with a Record of 3-3?
What is the Method of the match with a Time of 4:07?
Which Published as serial has a Published as novel of october 1917, mcclurg?
Which Fictional narrator has a Published as serial of february–july 1912, all-story?
Which year in novel has a Published as serial of november 1934-april 1935, blue book?
How many Goals have Games smaller than 6, and a Debut year of 1939, and Years at club of 1939, 1941?
Which Years at club have a Debut year of 1930, and Games larger than 7, and a Player of colin benham?
WhichPlayer has a Debut year larger than 1930, and Goals smaller than 95, and Years at club of 1938, and Games of 6?
What is the cores when the L3 cache is 8 mb, and the frequency is 2.5 ghz?
What is the model number with a release price of $303, and a sSpec number of sr14q(c0)?
What turbo has a L2 cache of 4 × 256 kb, a release date of June 2013, and a Model number of core i7-4770s?
What is the socket when the sSpec number is standard power?
What is the GPU model when the L3 cache is standard power?
What cores has an L2 cache of low power?
What is the position for Discus in 2013?
What event was the competition World Junior Championships in 2010?
Which year had a vehicle of Mitsubishi?
Which class had a vehicle of Nissan in 2007?
Which vehicle had a class of car in years after 2009 with 0 stages won and position of 5?
Which year had a position of 9?
What county is the team with the mascot of the Tigers in?
What county is the team with the mascot of the Tigers in?
What is the enrollment at Lanesville?
What is the IHSAA class for the school in 10 Clark county with mascot of the Mustangs?
What is the mascot at Borden?
What is the mascot of the school in New Washington in 10 Clark county?
Which Owner(s) has a Description of hunslet engine company 0-6-0st?
What is the prize level when the Prize if Wrong is 1,000 and the question is less than 2?
What is the number of electorates (2009) for Constituency number 182?
What is the Constituency number for Pandhana?
Which Name has a Number of electorates (2009) greater than 188,799?
What is the Constituency number for Bikhangaon with a Reserved for ( SC / ST /None) of st?
How many silver medals for germany with a bronze count more than 0?
How many gold medals when the total is more than 1 and 18 silver?
How many bronze medals has a total less than 3 with a silver less than 1 and gold more than 1?
what is the venue on october 28, 2008?
what is the result on september 10, 2008?
What is the name of the player with more than 0 assists, a position of forward, 19 goals, and more than 84 apps?
What is the total goals with 12 assists, and less than 291 apps?
What is the total of apps for Keith Treacy?
What nationality is Erin Donohue?
How many heats did Runners from Guinea-Bissau run, with rank higher than 33?
what is the 1st round when team 1 is stade lavallois (d2)?
what is the 1st round when team 2 is usl dunkerque (d2)?
who is team 1 when team 2 is usl dunkerque (d2)?
What is the Hometown of Candidate Lenny Veltman?
What is the Background of the Candidate from Barrington, Illinois?
What is the Original Team of the Clothing Company Owner Candidate?
what is the average place when the artist is juliana pasha & luiz ejlli and the points is more than 119?
what is the song that has 17 points?
What is the shortest Time for David Neville when his React time was greater than 0.183?
What is the Title of the LT Series Filmography with a Release date of 1964-02-08?
What is the Series of the Filmography by Directory Friz Freleng?
What is the Release date of the Filmography directed by Robert McKimson in MM Series with Production Number 1665?
What is the Director of the Filmography The Iceman Ducketh?
What is the Production Number of the Filmography in MM Series with a Release date of 1964-06-27?
What is the Date of the Game with a Record of 46-22?
What is the Date of the Game with a Score of w 112-107 (ot)?
What is the athlete muna lee lowest time?
What is the sum of rank for the athlete kerron stewart, and a time smaller than 11.05?
What is a highest time for the heat smaller than 1?
What is the highest time for athlete torri edwards, and a rank larger than 6?
What's the IS-2 when the KV-1S is 114?
What's the IS-3 when the KV-1S is 45?
What's the T-100 when the IS-3 is 150 (225)?
What's the IS-3 when the KV-85 is 40?
What's the KV-85 when the KV-1S is 45?
What is the sum of the bronze medals won by south korea?
Which year did park tudor school join IHSAA class AA?
Which IHSAA class does speedway school belong to?
Which ISHAA school joined in 2012 and has a mascot of the panthers?
Which Tries against has Points against larger than 156, and Points for of 127, and Tries for larger than 17?
Which Try diff has Tries for of 12?
What is SS Player Rich McKinney's Team?
What is the Player from Dayton, Oh with a Pick of 15 or larger?
What is the Pick of the Player from Stamford, CT?
What is the county with an AA IHSAA class in ferdinand?
What is the lowest size of the school with titans as the mascot?
What school has a size less than 674, has a county of 19 dubois, and has the rangers as their mascot?
Which player has a score of 71-69-71-67=278?
How many Wins have Winnings of $184,190, and a Top 10 larger than 1?
What is the highest col in m of the puncak jaya (carstensz pyramid) peak, which is ranked lower than 7 and has a prominence less than 4,884 m?
What is the highest elevation in m of the bon irau peak, which has a col greater than 0 m and a prominence less than 1,900 m?
Which round was the defensive tackle picked after 187?
What was the title for the label mother / mvp / polydor?
What was the label for Shake Your Groove Thing in USA?
What is listed as the Place of birth for the Elector of Soffredo?
What's the Place of birth listed that has an Elevator of ALexander III, and an Elector of Ruggiero Di San Severino?
What is listed for the Elevator, that also has the Cardinalatial title of Deacon of S. Maria in Portico?
What is listed for the Elector that also has the Cardinalatial title of Priest of S. Marco?
What is listed for the Elevator that has the Elector of Gerardo?
What is listed as the Place of Birth for the Elector of Pandolfo?
what is the least density (per km²) when the area (km²) is more than 129,825 and the rank is 3?
what is the  Density (per km²) when the Area (km²) is 372,889 and the population (2011) is 1,145,861?
what is the area (km²) when the rank is south africa and the population (2011) is more than 51,770,561?
what is the least density (per km²) when the rank is 5 and the Area (km²) is less than 125,755?
what is the turbo when the frequency is 2.2 ghz?
what is the gpu frequency when the part number is cw8064701470702?
what is the release date when the sspec number is sr15h(c0)?
what is the sspec number when the part number is cw8064701470802?
what is the average rank when the cyclist is alexandr pliuschin?
what is the rank when heat is 9 and the nation is great britain?
what is the result when the rank is 12?
Which competition had a year of 2010 with Snatch weight of 185kg?
What was the Snatch weight for the year that had a total of 409kg?
What was the Clean and Jerk weight for the year that had a Snatch result of 190kg?
What was the highest place result in 2010 with a Clean and Jerk weight of 224kg?
Which competition led to a total weight of 428kg?
What is the Halil Mutlu when the world record is Olympic record and the 138kg is 305kg?
What is the world record when the 138 kg is 137kg?
What is the Halil Mutlu when the world record is olympic record and the 138kg is 167kg?
In what lane did the swimmer get a time of 1:59.42?
Name the Gold which has a Nation of australia, and a Bronze smaller than 1?
Which the highest Bronze of czech republic with a Total smaller than 4?
Name the highest Bronze which has a Gold larger than 2 and a Rank of total?
Count the average Gold which has a Nation of sweden, and a Silver larger than 1?
Who was the opponent on June 3?
Which game had a 9-7 record?
What is the highest game with a 3-2 record?
Who is the opponent of the game with a game number larger than 5 on June 22?
What is the score of the game on June 25 at the mohegan sun arena?
Who is the opponent at america west arena?
Who are the rowers ranked greater than 3 from Finland?
What country had a 6:55.23 time?
What is the average number of wins for teams with 14 losses and against over 2200?
What is the sum of wins for teams with against under 1067?
What is the sum of Against values for teams with 5 losses and 0 draws?
What is the total number of byes for teams with against of 2139 and more than 0 draws?
what is the highest attendance when the week is smaller than 1?
what is the week when attendance is more than 53,854 and the date is november 12, 1961?
what is the week when the result is w 14-13 and the attendance is higher than 53,295?
What college did Richard Ticzon attend?
Which player went to college at Up-Diliman and plays on PBA team of the Alaska Milkmen?
What is the country of origin for the player who plays on Tondena 65 Rhum?
How many silver medals when the total was 2 and less than 1 bronze?
What's the total when the bronze was more than 1, silver was 3, and gold was less than 5?
What's the gold medal count for Total Nation with a bronze count more than 0 and a total less than 54?
what is the borough or A[›] Census area when the Name A[›] is jerome lake dam?
what is the Dam or A[› ] Reservoir when the Borough or A[› ] Census area is valdez-cordova (ca), the gnis feature id# Link A[› ] B[› ] is less than 1417275 and the name A[› ] is sandra lake dam?
what is the dam or a[›] reservoir when the gnis feature id # link a [›] b [›] is 1415517?
what is the highest gnis feature id# link a[›] b[›] when the name a[›] is upper dewey lake dam?
what is the name a[›] when the borough or a[›] census area is ketchikan gateway and the dam or a[›] reservoir is reservoir?
What is the score for the player who won $3,600?
Name the most total with average less than 36.5 and rank by average of 14
Name the sum of rank by average with competition finish more than 8 and average larger than 30
Name the total number of competition finish with total of 90 and rank by average more than 5
Name the greatest competition finish with average more than 32.9 and number of dances more than 16
Name the least rank by average for number of dances less than 9 and competition finish of 5
What was the record on june 4?
What was the score of the Iowa v. Minnesota game?
Who was Milwaukee's opponent?
What was the result of the game versus Tulsa?
What is the most points for a vehicle with a lola thl1, chassis later than 1986?
What is the latest year with less than 2 points, a Mclaren m28 chassis and an Entrant of löwenbräu team mclaren?
What is the latest year for Entrant of equipe talbot gitanes with less than 1 point?
When did the reactor that has a rated power of 945 MW and ended construction on May 10, 1978 close?
What is the rated power for the reactor that ended construction on May 10, 1978?
Who was the parter against Marin čilić lovro Zovko?
What was the score on 24 February 2013?
Who was the opponent on clay surface when partnered with Horacio Zeballos?
Which course had a rest day for the Race Leader?
Name the attendance with angels opponent for july 9
Name the most attendance whent he record is 45-57
Which is the opponent when the record was 43-56?
What is the highest number of cuts made in a tournament with 0 wins and 0 top 5 placings?
What is the number of Inaug., when the Type is Public, when the Name is Mei Lam Estate, and when the No Units is larger than 4,156?
What is the average No Units, when the Name is Fung Shing Court, and when the No Blocks is fewer than 3?
What rank is the transfer for the milan move in 2000?
When was the earliest year that kakha kaladze moved to milan with a rank above 9?
Where did the player move from that went to stuttgart?
Who was moved to barcelona?
How many totals have 0 as Gold, a bronze greater than 1, and a silver less than 1?
How many totals have brazil as the nation, and a bronze less than 2?
How many silvers have 2 as gold, and a bronze less than 2?
Which nation has a gold less than 2 and a bronze less than 5?
What is the least silver that has mexico as a nation and a gold less than 0?
Where did Dennis Byrd go to college?
Which Visa 3 has gui finkler as Visa 1?
Which Visa 3 has a Visa 4 of youssouf hersi?
Which  Visa 5  has a Visa 1 of emile heskey?
Which Visa 3 has a Visa 1 of michael mcglinchey?
Which Visa 4 has besart berisha as Visa 1?
What is the lowest tier for a position smaller than 7 for a Turkish Cup group stage?
How many rounds have a Grand Prix of german gp?
What is the largest round with a Race Title of korean grand prix?
Which circuit has a Race Title of japanese grand prix?
What is the smallest round with a Grand Prix of indian gp?
Which date has a Race Title of dhl turkish grand prix?
Name the sum of pick for philippines and erwin velez
Name the PBA team for paolo mendoza
Name the country of origin for patrick madarang
What did billy andrade to par?
Name the date for w 31-28
Name the most week for record of 1-2 and attendance more than 61,602
What was the final score when the result was 4-0?
Where was there a result of 4-5 and a score of 1-1?
With a time of 53.33, who ranked the highest?
What was Great Britain's total time?
Which lane ranked less than 4 for the Netherlands?
What was the winning score in the Alfred Dunhill links championship?
What date did Ian poulter become runner up?
What was the film title used in nomination for Panny Z Wilka?
What is the language of the film originally titled רגעים?
Name the points for with drawn of 0 and points of 88
Name the played with try bonus of 6 and drawn of 0
Name the point with points for of 255
Name the played with losing bonus of 2 and points for of 706
Name the drawn with lost of 3 and points of 88
Name the year when the publisher was argonaut games sierra entertainment
Name the plaform for year more than 2006 and developer of 3g studios
Name the title for 2005
What years are listed for the Tahunanui school with an authority of state?
Who is the october playmate with February playmate Cristy Thom?
Who is the January playmate with a September playmate Nikki Schieler?
Who is the June playmate with the November playmate Lorraine Olivia?
Who is the January playmate with a March playmate Alexandria Karlsen?
Who is the July playmate with a December playmate Morgan Fox?
Who is the March playmate with a November playmate Cara Wakelin?
In which year did he finish 11th?
In which year did he finish 8th?
What is the number of the game that was played in the time of 2:38?
What is the number of the game that was played on October 4?
August 16 had what record?
Tell me the record for the date of August 18.
For the record of 52-60 what's the date?
What is the average attendance for the date of 7 November 2007 with an H/A of H?
What is the Group position for the date of 7 November 2007?
What is the H/A entry for the Date of 2 October 2007 with an Attendance that is larger than 41,510?
What year had a 1st round playoff in the NASL indoor league?
What is the normal temperature of Abbotsford, British Columbia?
What is the score on May 18?
What is the home team of the game on May 22 with the Edmonton Oilers as the visiting team?
What is the record of the game where the visitor team is the Edmonton Oilers?
When is the lane less than 5 and is named ágnes kovács?
What is the average lane for china?
What is the average lane that is called rebecca brown?
Which Championship total is over 13?
When Kerry is at 36.7%, what is the total number of others?
When Kerry has 70.2% and 1,439,724, what is the Bush#?
When Bush has 52.9%, what is the Bush#?
What is the average case burden with a cost per capita of $186, a Crime rate per 1,000 people of 117, and a Residents per officer larger than 736?
What is the IATA of Guam?
VIE is the IATA for which city?
Which city's ICAO is WADD?
PER is the IATA for which city?
Which city's IATA is KUL?
The Brisbane airport is located in which country?
Name the loss when record was 72-62 and attendance more than 49,155
Name the record for attendance more than 49,025 and loss of núñez (2-3)
Name the opponent for august 26
What is the lowest win number of the competitor who had 90 points before 1994?
What is the sum of wins after 1999?
What is the result on Saturday when it's रविवार ravivār on Sunday and मंगळवार mangaḷavār on Tuesday?
What is the result on Saturday that's রবিবার robibar on Sunday
What is the result of Friday that's တ္ၚဲ အၚါ [ŋoa əŋɛ̀a] from sans. aṅgāra on Tuesday?
What is the result of Saturday that's ថ្ងៃអាទិត្យ [tŋaj ʔaatɨt ] on Sunday?
What is the result on Sunday that's सोमवार somavār on Monday and मंगलवार mangalavār on Tuesday?
What year has american music awards?
What was album of the year after 2009?
How many years had ozone awards?
What event did he fight masato shiozawa?
What is the partner with a score of 4–6, 7–5, [10–8]?
What was the score for the game against Marquette?
What was the result of the game in Milwaukee?
What team was the opponent when the score was 25-0?
What date was the game in Minneapolis?
Which Record has a Result of loss, and a Time of 3:54?
Which Record has a Method of submission (heel hook), a Round larger than 1, and a Time of 2:28?
What is the smallest round resulting in a draw with an Opponent of mari kaneko?
What ship type was from SE?
Who were the victims of the US ship that sank in the Mississippi River near Memphis?
What was the estimated number of victims for the April 27, 1865 sinking?
Which nation was the ship from that had 372 victims?
What type of ship was the HMSST George?
Which region had the CD maxi format?
What was the format in September 1990 for Catalog 887 847-1?
What was the catalog of the 7" single in France?
Where was the 12" maxi in September 1990?
What was the label in Japan?
In which Tournament was Mansour Bahrami Eric Winogradsky
What position was less than 421 overall played by Matt Clark?
What was the lowest overall for Louis Coleman?
What round did Matt Clark play?
Which position was more than 421 overall for the St. Louis Cardinals?
What round was less than 545 overall for San Francisco Giants?
What Gender has the area of swannanoa?
What years had the decile smaller than 8 in the area of southbrook?
For a Lost of 10 and a Try Bonus of 4, what are the points against them?
Having 429 points against, what is the Tries Against?
With a Try Bonus of 8, what is the Tries Against?
What club has a Try Bonus of 8?
For Pontyberem RFC that has a Try Bonus of 2, what is the played?
With a club that has 400 Points against, what are the points?
What Thai has a ~Gregorian of April–May?
When goals against is greater than 60 and losses less than 29, what is the highest played?
What club has less than 60 goals against, a goal difference smaller than 1, and a position of 8?
Where did they play in week 14?
Who was the opponent when 48,121 people attended?
What was the score when 50,514 people were in attendance?
Where did they have the divisional playoffs?
What is the result when there was an attendance of 54,418?
What year was the role of Rachel active in TV?
Name the sum of population 1.1.2008 for tønsberg and population 1.1.2006 more than 45.447
Name the least population 1.1.2008 with population per square km of 1.957 and population 1.1.2006 less than 12.67
Name the total number of population per square km with population 1.12006 of 12.757
What is the average Points when the engine was a climax straight-4 earlier than 1958?
What is the number of points for the maserati straight-4 engine, later than 1959?
What engine had a JBW chassis in 1960?
What is the highest points for the JBW chassis with a climax straight-4 engine, later than 1961?
What is the name of the engine in 1961?
On which date were the 2003 Toronto Blue Jays 54-55?
What is the average attendance of the Mariners' attendance when their record was 62-64?
What was the score when the Blue Jays had an attendance larger than 9,430?
What is the height of the fort peck dam which was built before 1968, is located in the united states and has a dam type of TE ?
Who was the runner up before 2007?
Which season was Manresa the champion?
What year was the cosworth ca2006 2.4 v8 4 series used?
What engine did the mclaren mp4-20 use?
What team used the toyota rvx-07 2.4 v8 engine
in what year were 2 points scored?
What engine scored 17 points?
What years won when the To par is more than 13?
What is the highest Total for Australia?
What is the average Total for the United States with a To par more than 6 and 1996 was won?
Raiders of the Lost Ark had pieces of 277 for what lowest number?
What is the number for Chauchilla Cemetery Battle with less than 511 pieces?
What was the earliest year with 339 pieces and a number smaller than 7198?
What is the name of the competition that was held on August 20, 2004?
Where was the game held that resulted in a draw?
Where was the game held on August 20, 2004?
Where was the game held that resulted in a score of 9-2?
What is the sum of total with a Rank larger than 12, and a Gold larger than 4?
What is the smallest bronze with a Rank of 12, and a Silver smaller than 2?
What is the smallest bronze with a Silver smaller than 2, and a Gold of 1, and a Nation of western isles, and a Total larger than 6?
What is the average bronze with a total of 15 and less than 2 gold?
What is the total rank with a Nation of gotland, and a Gold larger than 23?
for a Goals Against greater than 42 what is the number of losses?
for goals less than 48 and 8 games played what is the count of losses?
what is the number of losses with wins less than 4 and goals against more than 39?
What years does the school have that's in Makikihi?
In what area is Morven School?
What years does the school have with a roll of 33?
What is the name of the actor who played Billy Elliot in the Final Cast with a Last Performance of 13 June 2009?
What is the date of the First Performance of Rhys Kosakowski as Billy Elliot in the Original Cast?
What is the Style of the First Performance of Billy Elliot on 15 November 2007?
What is the date of the Last Performance of Rarmian Newton as Billy Elliot?
What is the date of the Last Ballet Style Performance of Rhys kosakowski as Billy Elliot?
What is the date of the Last Performance of Billy Elliot with a Cast Status of past replacement?
Gold of 0, and a Silver smaller than 3, and a Rank larger than 9, and a Total of 1 has how many numbers of bronze?
Bronze larger than 2, and a Rank of 4, and a Total larger than 7 has how many numbers of gold?
Bronze smaller than 3, and a Total smaller than 2, and a Gold larger than 1 has how many average silvers?
Gold of 1, and a Total smaller than 4, and a Bronze smaller than 0 has the lowest silver?
Name the date for record 3-3
Name the opponent on april 27
Name the record for april 22
Name the attendance on april 17
Name the date for postponed attendance
Name the record for april 6
What engine does Garvey Team Lotus use?
What is the 2012 population for the state whose capital is Santa Fe?
What is the capital for the state that has the largest city of Burlington?
How many populations have a capital of Montpelier and more than 1 House seat?
On games against the Devil Rays and a score of 2 - 1 (10), what was the attendance?
On the game that put the team at 34-44, what was the attendance?
What was the score of the game that put the team at 27-32?
In which venue did the competition on 11 October 2008 take place?
What was the average number of silver medals won by France when they are ranked higher than 8?
Who was their Opponent on April 26?
What competition took place in Berlin, Germany?
Where were the Pan American Games held?
What venue hosted the 2003 event?
What game had the highest score and a time of 2:35?
What game, played on October 17 in front of 49,347 fans, had the lowest score?
What is the highest Total Foreign-born (1000) from a non EU state (1000) of 685 and a population (1000) smaller than 10,666?
What is the highest number born in a none EU state (1000) from Denmark with a total population (1000) less than 5,534?
How many Foreign-born (1000) are from Sweden and born in some other EU state (1000) larger than 477?
What is the greatest Total population (1000) from Sweden and born in a non EU state (1000) less than 859?
What is the greatest Born in other EU state (1000) with more than 1,380 foreign-born from Italy and a born in a non EU state (1000) less than 3,205?
Whice race ended with a DNF?
Which race ended with a time of 01:46:59.69?
What was the speed of the Superbike race?
What was the speed of the race that ended in 2nd place and had a time of 01:13:03.39?
How many sets were played in the 2011 Tournament in which there were 3R in 2007?
How many sets were in the 2011 Australian Open Tournament?
How many sets were played in the tournament that had 4R in 2011 and 2R in 2008?
How many sets were played in the 2011 tournament, in which 2R were played in 2008?
Which tournament had 1R in 2013?
How many sets were played in 2007 at the tournament that had 4R in 2011 and 2R in 2009?
What was the record at the game held on December 24, 2005?
What was the date of the game held at Invesco Field?
What was the NFL Recap of the game held on December 24, 2005?
Who was the opponent at the game held on December 24, 2005?
Which week's game had an attendance of 90,138?
What is the total years with more than 1 points?
When were there less than 1 point with a cosworth v8 engine in jolly club switzerland?
Which home team has an Away of (2-1)?
Which away team has a playoff record of (0-0) and played against Sioux City Bandits?
Which home team has a playoff record of (0-0) and played La Crosse Spartans?
What is the Plyff team that plays the Billings Outlaws?
Which team has an overall playoff of (0-0), a home record of (0-1) and played the Green Bay Blizzard team?
Which Overall has a playoff record of (0-1) and an away record of (1-1)?
Which opponent has a Date of april 14?
Which attendance has a Score of 3-5?
Which Date has a Record of 7-9?
Which Date has an Attendance of 30,612?
Which Date has an Opponent of @ mariners, and a Loss of hernández (0-1)?
Which Record that has a Loss of mays (0-3)?
What week was the final score 6–26?
Who was the host team when the Miami Dolphins were the visiting team?
What was the stadium that held that game after week 15?
Name the most FA cup for championship of 18 and total of 19
Name the most league cups for total more than 19 and FA cups more than 6
What is the Score, when the Year is after 2007, and when the Country is England?
What is the latest Year, when the Venue is Lübker Golf Resort?
What is the Score, when the Venue is Lübker Golf Resort?
What is the Venue, when the Winner is iain pyman?
Which final round had a first round of 20?
What final round had a weight of 245?
What is the pos for the New York Knicks?
What is the average first round for Utah Jazz team, with a weight smaller than 229?
What is the pos with weight less than 205?
What GSR class is associated with a 0-4-2t type?
Who manufactured fleet numbers of wlwr 2, 4, 11?
Name the most overall for dwight freeney with round less than 1
Name the most pick # for overall of 204
What was the date for game 6?
Who was the visitor for the April 17 game?
Which chassis did fondmetal f1 spa use after 1990?
What points did the ilmor v10 engine get after 1992?
Name the place for tim clark
Name the place for south africa and retief goosen
Name the To par for t10 place and score of 72-71=143
Which Opponent has a Method of submission?
Which Res has an Event of UFC 122?
What was the record after the game against the St. Louis Cardinals?
How many attendance numbers are associated with the site of Veterans Stadium before week 1?
What is the future stem for the word that has an imperfect stem of hartzen?
What is the imperfect stem for the word that has a future stem of ikusiko?
What is the short stem for the word that has a perfect stem of poztu?
What is the imperfect stem of the word that means 'take away, remove'?
What is the perfect stem for the word that has a future stem of emango?
Who was the opponent of the runner-up after 2012?
Who was the partner of the winner after 2012?
Name the outcome for 6 march 2000
Name the date when the surface was clay and the score was 6–1, 6–2 and runner-up
Name the score for 26 may 1997
Name the tournament for outcome of winner and clay surface with opponent of aranza salut
Who did the Blue Jays lose to on July 16?
What country was the winner in season 1997/98 when Russia was runner-up but had the win for women, while Italy came in third?
Who had the win for men in season 1988/89 when Soviet Union had the women's win, and Norway came in third overall?
Who had the men's win in the 1992/93 season?
In which season did Sweden get third overall while Russia had the men's win?
Which country was third overall when Russia had the men's win in season 2012/13?
Who had the women's win when Norway was the winner overall in season 2001/02?
How many laps did Duke Nelson complete when his qualifying time was 122.951?
How many laps did Duke Nelson complete when his qualifying time was 136.498?
What entrant drove a car with a Moore chassis prior to 1953?
What opponent was in the match that resulted in 1-2?
Which tournament has a value of a for 2009?
What is the value for 2011 when `a` is the value for 2009, and 4r is the value for 2013?
What is the result for Chicago, Illinois?
How much did the Hydra team from Bronx, New York raise?
Name the attendance for atlanta braves opponent for september 9
What were the years active of the player from New Zealand with more than 11 caps?
How many goals did a player from France have?
How many goals did a player active since 2006 have?
What is the transfer window of the Leeds United source with a move from Motherwell?
What is the source of a move from Swindon Town?
What is the name of the country that has a transfer window of winter with an end after 2009 and moving from Bolton Wanderers?
What is the transfer fee of the move from Port Vale?
What is the type of the Leeds United source, winter transfer window and moving from Northampton town?
What is the source of the move from Port Vale?
What is the average silver medals a team ranked 12 with less than 2 bronze has?
What is the average rank Finland, which has 1 bronze, more than 1 silver, and less than 0 gold, has?
What is the lowest amount of gold a team with less than 2 total medals, ranked 17, and more than 0 silver medals, has?
Who is the captain of the manchester city team?
Which captain's manager is Joe Royle?
What year had a Women's doubles and Women's singles with no competition?
The year the Women's singles was won by Christine Magnusson who was the winner of the Men's singles?
In 1982, when the Men's doubles had no competition who won the Women's singles?
When Steve Baddeley won the Men's singles who won the Women's singles?
When Marja Ridder won the Women's singles who won the Men's singles?
Name the average founded with joined less than 2008
What was the role for Challenge TV?
Who was the broadcaster in 2003?
What was the role for BBC1?
What was the title with episode 8?
What was the title for Sky One in 2005?
What was Yardley-BRM's points high after 1971?
What year did Austria-Marlboro BRM get more than 0 points?
Which entrant has a Mclaren m7c Chassis?
Which province has gmp for an IATA?
Which airport is in Tokyo and has an ICAO of rjtt?
Which country is the ICAO vvts?
What airport is in Vietnam?
Which airport has an IATA of hgh?
Which city has an IATA of tsa?
Where was the starting position when there were 182 laps?
How many laps were completed with a start of 33, and a finish of 18?
When completing 182 laps, what was the qual.?
What is the total number of laps that were completed in 1949?
What is the fewest number of laps completed by a rank 32?
On what date was the individual time trial?
When was tony parker (guard) born?
What team does tariq kirksay, a guard who is taller than 1.8M and born before 1982, represent?
What player is a center born in 1977?
What is the extra result of the 4th game?
What extra is from after 2009?
Who was the Kit manufacturer that was has shirts sponsored by Walkers?
Which team is the kit manufacturer Umbro, and the captain Gary Mabbutt?
Who is the captain for the manufacturer Pony, and the manager Harry Redknapp?
Who is the shirt sponsor for the manufacturer Nike?
Which team has the team captain Jon Newsome?
What was the GSR number on the date 1883?
What was the quantity of the fleet information for DWWR 50 and 51?
What was the quantity for Inchicore of J7?
What's the highest round for a defensive tackle position?
What is the smallest round associated with Samuel Scheschuk?
How many people were in attendance on the day there was a 30-22 victory?
Who lost on June 29?
What is the score with lost as the result?
Which date has china as the venue?
Which score has a competition of 1997 dunhill cup malaysia and february 23, 1997 as the date?
Which competition has 4-0 as the score?
What score has october 16, 2000 as the date?
What is the result of the competition of 2000 afc asian cup group stages?
What is the motive before 2007?
What is the result of the directorial debut of the year award?
What is the category for the premios lo nuestro award?
What's the average number of Laps, that had a start of 25, with a Qual of 138.063?
What year had the Finish of 12?
In what year did a Qual of 141.105 with a Start of 25 happen?
What year had the largest number of laps over 196?
Who are the runners-up in 1996?
What is the average roll of a school with state authority and a decile of 9?
Which area has state authority and a roll fewer than 18?
What is the roll for the school with state authority and a decile of 9?
What is the average decile of Westport South School?
What is the top rank with a time of 2:19.86?
Who had a lane number smaller than 7 and a time of 2:19.86?
What was Liu Limin's time in heat 4?
What was the result of the friendly competition?
What was the start source that ended on 4 May?
What is the Loan Club from Eng that ended on 22 February?
What is the End Source from the Hartlepool United Loan Club?
When did the loan that Ended on 15 January Start?
What nation had more than 97 Gold Medals and fewer than 332 Silver Medals?
What nation had 135 Bronze medals?
What is the area of Ulim with less than 30 villages?
What is the name of the station that is currently demolished with the Shepparton line in Tabilk?
What is the line of Mangalore station?
What is the line of the station in Toolamba that is currently demolished and closed in the late 1970s?
What is the name of the station in Toolamba that is currently demolished?
What club began in 1976?
What player was born in 1976 and is smaller than 2.03?
What player was born in 1978 and smaller than 1.92?
Which year did The Adventures of Tintin come out?
What year did the movie Rango come out?
What is the rank associated with a Height feet / m of 427 / 130?
What was the address in 1974?
What was the earliest year for a car with 3 points and Cooper t20 chassis?
If time is 2:13 and attendance is less than 56,335, what is the largest game number?
Game 2 has how much attendance?
What was the average attendance on October 12?
What is the name of the Home Captain for 23,24,25,26 july 1992?
Who is the Away Captain at headingley?
Where was a game played on 23,24,25,26 july 1992?
Who was the Away Captain at The Oval?
Who is the Home Captain for 23,24,25,26 july 1992?
What is the result for 23,24,25,26 july 1992?
What is the maximum number of losses that the Minnesota Kicks had after 1979 with an average attendance of 16,605?
Which season did the Minnesota Kicks lose 13 games and scored 156 points?
Which season did the Kicks have more than 137 points with 13 losses and an average attendance larger than 23,121?
Name the men's singles for when doubles are suresh goel morin d'souza
Name the highest year for dipu ghosh raman ghosh, and sarojini gogte sunila apte
What losses did racing de santander, that scored less than 68 goals, had a goal difference of less than 23 and 10 draws?
What is the highest goal difference that the club with 33-5 points and less than 12 wins?
What reactor type that has a commercial operation of —, and a tianwan-7 unit?
What was the net capacity with a gross capacity of 1,126 mw, and a Unit of tianwan-4?
What commercial operation that has a gross capacity of 1,126 mw, and a unit of tianwan-4?
What score has won as the result on the date of December 14, 2004?
What date has won as the result and 2-1 as the score with a competition of 2004 tiger cup third place match?
What score has january 15, 2005 as the date?
What date has lost as the result and a competition of friendly with 1-2 as the score?
What score has january 3, 2005 as the date?
What competition has may 5, 2001 as the date?
Who did the team lose to on September 8?
What is the order for a red list of 7 in the didelphidae family?
What is the name with a red lest less than 7?
What family has the name of eastern cottontail?
What red list is in the artiodactyla order and the cervidae family with a Species Authority of odocoileus virginianus zimmermann, 1780?
What is the name for the red list of 7, the artiodactyla order, and Species Authority of cervus elaphus linnaeus, 1758?
What is the original name of the film that used the title Olympics 40 in nomination?
What title did the film from Colombia use in its nomination?
Who directed the film originally named Bye Bye Brazil in Portuguese?
What country is the film directed by Jean-Luc Godard in French from?
Who is the director of the film in Italian?
What is the status of Aden Theobald from the hometown of London?
What is Hasan Shah's hometown?
What series was Sam Evans on?
What is the name of the person from series bb1 with a hometown of Bolton?
What is the occupation of the person with a hometown of Hampshire?
Which election has a 1st Member of constituency abolished?
Which 1st Party has an Election of 1849 by-election?
Which 1st Party has a 2nd Party of conservative, and a 1st Member of william wither bramston beach?
Which 2nd Party has a 1st Member of william wither bramston beach?
Which 2nd Party has an Election of 1837?
Which 1st Party has a 1st Member of william wither bramston beach?
Which Type has a Fleet numbers of 2–8, 91–92, 97–100?
When has a Note of 45/48 renumbered 15/16; two sold to sl&ncr?
What Willingshain is Kirchheim 1,126?
What Rotterterrode has a Reimboldsh 80?
What Reimboldsh has Willingshain of 268 and Gersdorf 194?
What Kemmerode has a Gersforf of 39?
What Gershausen has a Willingshain of 243 and Reckerode of 224?
What Willinghshain has Reimboldsh of 101?
What is the pts for 2004, and the ro event?
What is the pos from 2003, and the f event?
What is the Catalog Number is for the Japan region?
What is the date on Catalog 540,934-2?
What is the region for Catalog amlh 66078 in stereo lp format?
What is the region for Catalog amlh 66078 in stereo lp format?
What is the Catalog number for the region of Japan?
What is the region of the Catalog that is in cd format and has a label a&m/canyon?
What is the original team that was Hired by Trump (5-19-2005)?
Who is the candidate that had 10 fired in week 2 (1-27-2005)?
What is the hometown of the candidate that had a result of 10 fired in week 6 (2-24-2005)?
Which totals tournament has the lowest wins and top-25 less than 4?
What is the average number of events of PGA Championship tournaments with a top-5 less than 0?
Name the competition for stephanie cox on 2011-07-02
Name the lineup for washington dc
Name the date for faro
What is the highest rank that has fao as a source and an out greater than 50, with dietary calorie intake as the name?
What is the average rank that has cia world factbook as the source and a year prior to 2005?
What were the least points with a Coloni FC88 chassis?
How many years was the chassis a Coloni C3?
What was the most points for Coloni Spa?
Which team 1 had a team 2 of Asante Kotoko?
Which team 1 had a team 2 of Hafia FC?
What was the aggregate for the match with a team 2 of Hafia FC?
Who was the team 1 that had a 1st leg score of 0-1?
Which team 2 had an aggregate score of 3-4 and a 2nd leg score of 0-2?
When was J.P. Viernes' last performance?
What's the Chinese name of the wudaokou station?
What's the transfer distance (km) larger than 36.5, at the station of guangximen?
The Chinese Name of 上地 shàngdì belongs to what station?
Name the runner-up for margin of victory of 3 strokes
Name the date with margin of victory of 1 stroke and tournament of legend financial group classic
Name the runner-up for margin of victory of 1 stroke and tournament of legend financial group classic
Name the margin of victory for jonas blixt
Which Party has a Office of majority floor leader
Which Office has a Representative of scott pelath?
Which Office has a Party of rep, and a Representative of brian bosma?
Which Residence has a Party of dem, and a Representative of linda lawson?
Which Party has a Representative of brian bosma?
Which Office has a Party of dem, and a First Elected of 1991†?
what college has paul seiler as a player?
How many laps were in 1955?
What was the finish with less than 200 laps in 1953?
What was the rank in 1955?
What was the sum of laps in 1954?
What rank had less than 200 laps with a finish of 26?
What's the average wins of those games with 3 podiums?
Who was team 1 when team 2 was Young Africans?
What was the 2nd leg score for Al-Merrikh as team 2?
What is the Date, when the Opponent is Gisela Dulko?
What is the Tournament, when the Opponent is Patricia Mayr-Achleitner?
what is the result of the competition in 2006 world cup qualification?
What nation started in lane 3 of heat 2?
Which Tied has Matches of 1, and a Lost of 0, and a Team of durham?
Which Team has a Winner of 1?
What is the % Won of Team of durham
Which Match has the percentage won 52.38?
How many points has more than 15 wins and less than 10 losses?
What is the total goal difference with more than 38 played and more than 47 goals against?
What is the average draws with more than 38 played?
what is the score when the attendance is more than 11,062, home is columbus the decision is denis on october 7?
What is the name of the partner who played in the final against Lucas Arnold Ker Martín García?
Who swam in a lane less than 6 and finished with a time of 2:11.02?
What is the Film title used in nomination of Mig Og Charly?
Who is the Director that has a Film title of nick carter in prague?
Which Language Director of nagisa oshima use in his film?
Who is the Director that speaks dutch?
What is the Original name of empire of passion?
Name the start date with party of pd
Name the minister for end date of 31 july 2004
Name the party with end date of 22 november 1980
Name the end date for robert goebbels
Name the start date with lsap and end date of present day
What is the acceleration 1-100km/h when the name is 1.5 dci?
what is the power when the capacity is 898cc?
what is the capacity when the code is d4f bi-fuel 732?
what is the power when the name is 1.2 16v lpg?
what is the capacity when the name is 1.2 16v?
what is the capacity when the acceleration 1-100km/h is 11.1 s?
Name the director for 1957
Name the director who has title of transylvania 6-5000
Name the attendance for time of 1:31
Name the score for 1:36 time
Name the score for october 9
What round did the overall pick of 91 occur in the 1982 NFL draft?
What Race 3 is Round 5?
What Round has the Track Clipsal 500 Support?
What Race 2 has a Race 1 of dnf, a Race 3 of dnf, and the Track Winton?
What Round has the Track Winton?
What is the Race 2 result of Round 2?
What is the Race 1 result of Round 2?
Which women's double took place in 2006?
Which women's single had Cai Jaini Qi Yu on the women's doubles team?
Which women's doubles had Tine Rasmussen on the women's singles?
What is the average year with Nathan Robertson Gail Emms in mixed doubles?
Who is the player with a 76-67-71=214 score?
What is Nick Price's score?
What is the country of the player with a score of 69-74-71=214?
What is the to par of Greg Norman?
What's the score for opponent @ Tigers on July 24?
What's the opponent for July 2?
What's the year of the Chassis surtees ts19?
What are the lowest points past the year 1978?
What's the top year with the Chassis ats hs1?
What was the time on September 1?
Where was September 5?
When the Winning score is 74-68-67-75=284, what was the Margin of victory?
When the Winning is 71-71-70-69=281, what is the To par?
When the Winning score is 68-65-65-68=266, what is the Margin of victory?
On what Date was the Winning score of 72-67-68-67=274?
What is the total number of 2nd place finishes for riders active in years 2009-2010 and more than 0 wins?
What is the total number of 3rd place finishes for racers with 0 titles?
What is the sum of the number of wins for racers with 0 3rd place finishes?
What is the average number of 2nd place finishes for racers active in the year 2000 and more than 0 titles?
Name the sum of played for c.d. luis ángel firpo and place more than 3
Name the total number of places which has played more than 18
Name the total number of lost when goals scored is less than 22 and goals conceded is more than 27
Name the average goals conceded with draw bigger than 7 and goals scored more than 24
Name the least goals scored with place more than 8 and lost less than 8
Where does Mount Chamberlin, located in Alaska, rank on the chart?
What is the location of the mountain ranked at 36?
Where does the Kuskokwim Mountains rank on the chart?
What is the average rank of a mountain range located in Maine?
What round was matt roth drafted?
What team did the player represent that was picked after 196?
Name the position for european competitions of eurocup regular season
Who was the opponent with a series of 3-2?
Who was the opponent with a series of 1-0?
For the Delmar school what is the division record?
What school does the Blue Raiders belong to?
What team name belongs to Seaford?
What division record did the Spartans hold?
The wildcats belong to what school?
How many total murders happened after 2011?
Which average Robbery has the following criteria: Non-Violent crime less than 1147, rape less then 11, aggrevated assault greater than 167 and a crime index with a total of 1313?
Which non-violent crime rate per 1000 peope has the following criteria: crime rate per 1000 greater than 82.8, violent crime smaller than 305, robbery less than 147 and a crime index total greater than 1540?
Which aggravated assault has the highest amount and the following criteria: crime rate per 1000 greater than 89.1,rape value of 23, and a crime index greater than 1590?
When did sony music direct a label?
What record had an alca-271 cd?
What formated cataloged alca-9196?
Which Podium has 1 Race and a Final Place of 5th?
Which Season has a Final Place of 8th and 8 Podiums?
Which Season has 0 Podiums, 1 Race, and 0 Points?
Which Season has 95 Points?
Which Race has the Toyota Racing Series New Zealand and 0 wins?
Which Season has a 19th Final Place?
What is the largest frequency owned by multicultural broadcasting with a Format of vietnamese?
Which format has a Station of klok?
Which format has a Frequency larger than 1050, and a Station of kvto?
What is the total frequency have a Status of owned by cumulus media, and a Format of news?
Which format has a Station of kcbs?
Who has the lowest FA cup and has a total over 46?
What is the sum of the League Cup smaller than 0?
What is the average of all Heats of competitors with a Time of 59.11 and a lane higher than 3?
What is the highest Lane used by a racer from Malta?
What is the Name of the racer with a heat higher than 2 and a lane less than 5, with a time of 1:01.53?
How many wins did he have when he made over 2 cuts and had under 2 top 10s?
Who was the opponent of the game that 31,293 people attended that had a final score of 9 - 6.
How many people attended the game against athletics with the record of 9-12?
How many people went to the game with the record of 8-10?
which entrant after 1987 had 12 points and a benetton b188 chassis?
what's the earliest year that there was a cosworth v8 engine and 12 points?
which chassis were in use prior to 1988?
Who was from Great Britain in lane 5?
How many people were in attendance at week 16?
What entrant had a chassis of Maserati 250f in 1954?
What is the highest number of points before 1954?
What is the lowest decile that Ohau School has?
What gender is allowed to attend the school that has a decile of 6 and a roll that is less than 179?
What gender is allowed at the school which has a roll of 338?
What authority controls the school in Levin that has a decile of 6, and a roll of 226?
What Function (figure) has Serial number AF 934103?
What is Moondancer's Primary Military Speciality?
With a Primary military speciality of astral assault tactics, what is the Secondary military speciality?
What is the Serial number for the Space Security Trooper Function (figure)?
What is the Code Name for the Space Pilot Function (figure)?
What Birthplace's Real Name is Charles 'Chuck' Connors?
Who is the home team of the game on December 21?
Who is the visitor of the game on March 7?
Which is the highest year that has 3 points?
Which engine has more than 0 points and a year before 1984?
Name the game site for october 18, 1992
Name the game site for october 4, 1992
Name the date when bye was opponent
Name the attendance for july 16
Name the loss for 48-37
Name the record for 9-4 score
Name the least attendance for 52-37 record
What Away team has the Golden point(s) scorer Trent Hodkinson and the Home of Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles?
What is the Score of Golden Point(s) scorer Adam Reynolds?
What Golden point(s) has the Venue Allianz Stadium?
What Golden point(s) scorer has the Away Sydney Roosters and Home Cronulla Sharks?
What Golden point(s) scorer has the Away Brisbane Broncos and Home South Sydney Rabbitohs?
What are the revenues for ōoka tadayoshi (2nd) (大岡忠愛)?
What's the lineage of ōoka tadatomo (大岡忠與)?
What's the tenure of 3rd son of tadatsune?
What's the court ranking of 5th son of tadayori and has revenues of 10,000 koku?
What's the courtesy title of 4th son of hatamoto ōoka tadataka?
What was the rank of the event won by Pieter de Korver?
Which event had a prize of $2,434,061?
What was the prize won by Sebastian Ruthenberg?
Who won the event with a top prize of $2,434,061?
The rider mike di meglio had a total of how many grids?
What is the N117/2400 IEC3 associated with an N100IEC3 of 25?
What is the Name of the Special Stage with a 2.40km length and S. Loeb as Winner?
In the 21.40km Santa Rosa 1 Stage, what was the Time?
What was the Winner of the SS5 Stage?
What was the Time in the Mina Clavero 2 Stage?
What was Stage SS2's Winner?
What is the lowest amount of bronze medals won by Music City Mystique where they won more than 3 gold medals and less than 15 total medals?
When the Mandarins won more than 1 bronze medals, how many gold medals did they win?
What is the largest roll with Years 1–8, a Name of dorie school, and a Decile larger than 9?
How many deciles have Years of 1–8, and a Roll of 49?
Which name has Years of 1–8, a Decile of 9, and a Roll smaller than 141?
What is the largest Decile with Years of 1–8, anAuthority of state, and a Roll of 141?
How many deciles have an Authority of state and a Name of chertsey school?
Bldr of mcw&f, and a Year smaller than 1927, and a LT Nos of 9820-9821 has what type?
Bldr of mcw&f, and a Notes of "mv"; converted from steam stock, 1927, and a Year of 1920, and a LT Nos of 9716-9718 has what type?
What is the highest position less than 7 that had more than 421,760 in sales for the song Don't Stop Movin'?
What position is the song Have You Ever with more than 1,037,235 in sales?
What were the total number of sales for the song 21 Seconds?
Which Reigns has 92 days held?
What successful defenses has 126 days held and a Reigns of 3?
Which event has Philadelphia, PA as the location and 41 days held?
Who was number 3 that had a number 2 of Delfina and a Final of Pedro?
Who was number 9 that had a number 7 of Joana and a Final of Pedro?
Which days were presented by Andreas Mikroutsikos and were launched on March 10, 2003?
Who won when the presenter was Tatiana Stefanidou?
What was the prize when the show was aired on Ant1, was presented by Andreas Mikroutsikos, and was launched on March 10, 2003?
Name the sum of gold when Bronze is less than 0
Name the nation when bronze is less than 4 and the total is more than 4
What positions are in the Chicago bulls?
What season did a United States center play in?
Which film was released in 1983?
What was the US Peak position of the film that peaked at #21 in the UK?
Who was the score composer of the film released in 1967?
How many years had a film that peaked at #10 in the UK?
what category is for tom shankland, director?
How many transfer fees did Afonso Alves have after 2008?
What was the highest transfer fee in 2008 that is from psv and is ranked larger than 17?
Who has a transfer fee larger than 12 from ajax in 2006 while ranked higher than 17?
Where was the film about the garden of the finzi-continis made?
Which film was translated from portuguese?
Which film originated in France?
What is the real name of the movie about love?
What is the real name of the movie directed by gert fredholm?
Which movie originated in Bulgaria?
Who was the opponent at the game that had a loss of Stieb (5-7)?
What was the loss of the game against the Angels with a 26-30 record?
Name the women's singles for 1991
Name the women's doubles for mixed doubles of no competition
Name the women's singles for glenn macfarlane mark leadbeater
Name the women's doubles for frederik kjærholm elsner
Name the year for anton kriel chris cotillard
Name the men's doubles for years before 1999 and elizabeth cann for women's singles
What is the most points earlier than 1953 with a Ferrari 375/50 chassis?
What is the latest year with more than 0 points?
What year were there less than 1.5 points and an Entrant of escuderia bandeirantes, and a maserati straight-4 engine?
What is the number of points for the Entrant of escuderia bandeirantes earlier than 1952?
What was the double's performance data from the Canada Masters tournament in 2008?
What was the double's performance data from the Monte Carlo Masters tournament in 2007?
What is the lowest 2004 population when there were 5158 households?
What is the number for the Moroccan population when the name is Sebt Saiss and the 2004 population is more than 11212?
What is the largest foreign population when the 2004 population is 7641?
What is the highest year that has no more than 0 points?
Which of the chassis had a total of 7 points?
What was the latest year that a Bardahl entrant had a Kurtis Kraft 500c chassis with no more than 0 points?
What was the average points for Hopkins before 1956?
What is the least amount of points the entrant Simoniz received before 1960?
What was the original title of the film directed by Lene Grønlykke and Sven Grønlykke?
What is the language of the film directed by Federico Fellini?
What is the film title used in nomination for the film from South Korea?
What was the film title used in nomination for the film directed by Gheorghe Vitanidis?
When did the film 'Monsters' come out?
What movie won with a date of 12/11/03
Who was the producer for the film 'Strange Little Girls'?
Which writer worked for Intrepido LTD for a film on 17/03/04?
Which producer worked for Animus Films LTD?
How many people attended the game against the Mariners with a score of 9-6?
What is the loss for the record of 42-36?
What date was the score 5-2 with a loss of sele (3-2)?
What is the loss when the record is 38-33?
What was the pick number of Conor Jackson?
What school had the draft pick of 29?
What school did Conor Jackson attend?
What is the value for 2007 when 2008 is Q1?
What is the win-loss when 2008 has a value of Q1 at Australian Open?
What is the value in 2009 at the French Open?
What is the value in 2008 for the US Open?
What is the value in 2009 when 1R is in 2007?
What is the record of the game on May 6?
what is the tournament when in 2012 the performance was 2r?
what is the tournament with the performance in 2010 and 2011 is 1r?
what is the 2012 performance when in 2011 is qf and 2010 is 3r?
what is the tournament when 2011 is qf and 2012 is sf?
what is the tournament when the performance in 2012 is 3r and 2011 is qf?
what is the 2011 performance for the US open?
What is the year when Spirit Tom's Racing had more than 3 points?
Name the average week for attendance of 75,111
Name the sum of week with attendance of 62,233
Who had the smallest points in 3rd place but had a position greater than 8?
What was the place with 90 point total but a position less than 5?
What's the name of the song by afro-dite that had a points total greater than 100?
how much money was requested on the show which aired on 4 september 2011?
what investing dragons aired on episode 10?
For the Entrant of Sasol Jordan, add up all the points with a Year larger than 1993.
Give the most points that features jordan 194 in the Chassis column.
What car was awarded sub 1 litre in 2000?
What car was awarded sub 1 litre in 2000 (won by toyota 1sz-fe 1.0l yaris in 1999)?
Which car won the same award in 2001 that the toyota 1nz-fxe hybrid prius won in 1999?
Which car won the same award in 2000 that the ferrari f133 5.5l v12 456 / 550 won in 2001?
Which car won the same award in 2001 that the bmw m67d39 3.9l v8 e38 740d won in 1999?
Which car won the 1.4litre to 1.8litre award in 2001?
What is the surface of the mountain range that contains the Elk Garden Mountain?
What is the 2012 value at the Grand Slam Tournaments?
What is the tournament with A in 2011?
What is the 2010 value with A in 2009 and A in 2008 in the Australian Open?
What is the 2012 value with A in 2010 at the Tournament of Wimbledon?
What is the 2009 value with q1 in 2010?
What was the record of the game that went 0-7?
What day did the Diamondbacks go 2-7?
What was the record of the game that went 3-5?
Type of stratovolcano, and a Name of goat rocks, and a Elevation (m) larger than 2,494 has what highest elevation in feet?
What is the lowest points of British Racing after 1963?
Which chassis was used when over 6 points were earned?
What is the average points of the drivers before 1964?
In what time period were 578 built?
In what time period was the Cessna 208 built?
In what time period were 354 built?
How many silver metals are possessed by countries with 2 gold medals?
What is the total sum of silver metals for all countries with more than 2 Bronze medals?
What is the lowest number of bronze medals for a country with less than 1 gold and 0 silver?
What was the score of the game for April 16?
On what date was the attendance larger than 29,319 and had a score of 7-6?
What year was the No. 7 charts?
What is the chart number of the Requebra album with sales smaller than 32,000?
Name the date for game site of riverfront stadium
Name the record with attendance of 73,996
Name the game site with result of w 20-14
Name the result with week of 16
Name the record with result of w 13-11
Name the result for opponent of chicago bears
The length of 30 minutes aired on what date?
When did the length of 60 minutes air?
With a Division II of Portsmouth, what is the Division IV?
What Division III has Bishop Brady in Division V and Hanover in Division IV?
What is the total sum of points of entrants with a reynard 92d chassis?
What is total amount of points of entrants with a ford cosworth engine and a year later than 1991?
When has a Venue of Adelaide Oval?
What is the Home Captain which has Waca Ground as a Venue
Name the venue for score of 1-3
Name the points with chassis of march 751
Name the most points for years before 1979 and chassis of alfa romeo 177
Name the total number of points for beta team march 1975 and chassis of march 751
What Persian word(s) has the same meaning as the Romani word duj?
What Domari word has the same meaning as the Hindi word pāñc?
What word in Hindi has the same meaning as the Lomavren word saj?
What Persian word has the same meaning as the Domari word na?
What Romani word has the same meaning as the Persian word dah?
What Lomavren word has the same meaning as the Hindi word do?
Which type of surface do Amer Delic Robert Kendrick's opponents have?
On which surface was the score w/o?
What is Diego Junqueira Gabriel Trujillo-Soler's opponent's score?
Which surface do opponents of Thomas Oger Nicolas Tourte have?
In the circuit of Madonie, what was the date that had the winning constructor Bugatti?
Who was the winning driver of the Savio Circuit with the constructor Itala?
What is the date of death of the Countess of Flanders who was born in 1309?
What is the date of death of the Countess of Flanders who was born in 1309?
Who was Margaret of Brabant's spouse?
What is the average year for Wallenstein with 1a1 design?
What design was acquired in 1875?
Who was the incumbent when Arthur Osborne won the election?
How many saves did the player with a 92.3% save rate and 217 goals have?
What is the result of the match with Lugo as the oponent with a H/A of h?
Who is the opponent of the match with a H/A of h, Beguiristain Iceta as the referee, and a kick off at 1993-04-18 17:00?
What is the result of the match with a H/A of A and a kick off at 1992-10-31 16:00?
Who was the referee of the match with Badajoz as the opponent and a H/A of h?
How many Laps were there in 2010?
Who was the co-driver for Toyota Racing after the year 2012?
How many laps were driven by the racer who earned 4th place in 2013?
Which Opponent has an attendance greater than 50,522, and a record of 80-63?
Which opponent has a record of 78-60?
Which opponent has a loss of erickson (8-19)?
Which Attendance  has a Game score less than 3, and a Score of 2 – 5?
Who has Series of 2 – 3?
Who has  a Home of detroit on  april 22?
Leading Scorer that has a Goal smaller than 23, and a League of football league division 3, and a Year of 1997–98 is who?
Leading Scorer of Ian rush is what lowest # of goals?
Goals that has a Position of 14th of 24, and a League of football conference has what sum?
Position of 7th of 24, and a Goals smaller than 24 is what league?
Which entrant scored less than 2 points?
Which entrant used the chassis de tomaso 505?
What is the Presentation of Credentials has a Termination of Mission listed as August 15, 2000?
Which Presentation of Credentials is listed for the Appointed by Benjamin Harrison?
What is the Termination of Mission with a Title of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary with a Representative of Reynold E. Carlson?
Which Representative has a Termination of Mission as May 24, 1905?
What Title has a Presentation of Credentials of October 4, 1988?
What is the Appointed by that has the Title of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and has a Representative of Spruille Braden?
Who's the race leader of Cuneo to Turin?
What course are they running on stage 1?
What's the distance of the course of stage 4?
What was the distance of the course for stage 4?
Who was the race leader for stage 5?
Name the result for 2000 afc asian cup qualification
Name the least total when bronze is less than 2 and rank is more than 2 with silver less than 1
What is the largest gold with a Total of 2, and a Rank smaller than 2?
What is the lowest total from United States with a Rank smaller than 2?
What is the average silver with a Rank smaller than 2 and more than 1 gold?
What is the smallest rank with a Total smaller than 1?
What was the average year that Xuxa 3 earned the certification 2x platinum, and that the sales were higher than 750,000?
What were the number of sales before 1991?
What álbum was in the year 1996?
What year was the (Barcaldine) larger than 1,868 and the (Aramac) lower than 1,592?
What is the high Population (total) from 1976 with a (Barcaldine) smaller than 1,780?
What year had a Poulation (Total) of 3,492 and a (Barcaldine) less than 1,818?
What is the average (Jericho) with a Population (Total) less than 4,059 in 1986 and a (Barcaldine) higher than 1,779?
What is the average (Barcaldine) with a Population (Total) less than 3,594 and a 920 (Jericho) after 2006?
What Year has an (Aramac) of 832 and a Population (Total) less than 3,762?
What was the engine of the Hoover Motor Express after 1955 with greater than 0 points?
What is the average year that the Belanger Motors had an Offenhauser l4 engine?
Who is the prisoner that is older than 45 and has served less than 22 years on death row?
What is the prisoner's name that is currently 29 years old?
What is the hair color of Kool Kayla with release date of January 2009?
What is the eye color of Oo-lala Olivia with release date of October 2008?
What is the release date for gold hair color?
Who is retired with eyes of dark brown, and black hair?
Name the 2010 for 2007 of a and 2012 of a
Name the 2008 for 2012 being a and tournament of australian open
Name the tournament for 2012 grand slam tournaments
What year has an ERA engine and an ERA A-type chassis?
What is the earliest year that has a Bristol engine?
What was the record at the game that had a loss of Brandon (4–8)?
What was the loss of the game with a record of 54–42?
Who was the opponent at the game that had a loss of Bell (6–9)?
What was the record at the game that had a loss of Wyatt (4–4)?
In 1985, how many points were earned by the entrant with the March 85B chassis?
How many points did Corbari Italia earn in 1985?
Record of 18–15–6 belongs to what lowest attendance?
Decision of parent, and a Home of philadelphia, and a Record of 20–16–7 is on what date?
Decision of parent, and a Visitor of Philadelphia, and a Date of January 27 had what score?
What was the average Game, when the attendance was higher than 56,040?
What was date when the time was 2:26 and the location was Riverfront Stadium?
Who is the visitor on May 9?
Which Discoveryhas an Operator(s) of lundin?
Which Geological Trend has an Operator(s) of woc?
Which operator has a Reserve of 100 bbbl?
Which Field has a Discovery of na, and an Operator(s) of woc, and a Geological Trend of western
What primary sponsor(s) owns ford fusion car(s) and the crew chief is Drew Blickensderfer?
What crew chief has an owner name Jack Roush and driver Greg Biffle?
What primary sponsor has the owner Rick Hendrick and their crew chief is Alan Gustafson?
What is the value for Bahia when the Northeast total was 6747013?
What was the lowest number in Pernambuco where the Northeast had a total of 119978?
Who was the winner from the United States the year Kimberly Kim was runner-up?
What number pick was the player for the Oakland Athletics who plays the 1B position?
What tournament was at the 2007 Olympic Games?
What tournament was at the 2011 Cincinnati Masters?
In what heat did the swimmer in Lane 6 rank higher than 7 with a time of 4:08.27?
What was the Comp on 2007-08-06?
How many Apogee sis Ops-8285 with more than 1500 kg?
What is the lowest Perigee with a Launch date of 1970-08-26?
How many total appearances did Grant Brebner have?
Which player has an A-League of 150 (4)?
Which player had a total of 116 (22)?
Which player has an A-League of 150 (4)?
Which player has an A-League of 113 (0)?
What is the data limit for a T-Mobile internet basic plan?
What is the data limit for vodafone?
What plan has monthly prices of 300, 500, 750, 1000?
What is the maximum download speed for the Internet premium 3G plan?
What is the maximum download speed for the Internet basic plan with 3G?
What is the to par for Gene Littler?
What is the country that placed 4?
Which school has a decile of 8 and a roll of 705?
What is the roll of the school in Oakura?
What is the avererage decile of Francis Douglas Memorial College?
What was the final score in a 2002 fifa world cup qualification that was less than 10?
What is the earliest year with points more than 8?
What are the points for a chassis of march 811?
Who had 8 points, later than 1980, and a theodore ty02 chassis?
Which United States player has a To par of 14?
Which year averaged less than 9 points?
What is the total points of teams using a ligier js11/15 chassis?
What is the highest year team tyrrell earned more than 14 points?
Which club had 1, draw, 11 lost, and a try bonus of 7?
How many tries against were there when there was 961 points against?
Which of the clubs had 556 points against?
How many tries against were there with 17 losses?
How many losses were there with 103 tries for?
Name the highest revenue for schalke 04 with rank less than 10
Name the rank for tottenham hotspur
Name the least revenue for chelsea of england with rank less than 7
Name the total number of value for revenue more than 193 and rank less than 12 for manchester united
What is the lowest rank of Qaanaaq, which has a population greater than 231?
What is the rank of the town with a population of 258?
In what Year is the Isis Population 4,082 and the Regional Population less than 55,990?
When the Isis Population is 3,718 and the Gooburrum Population is less than 4,776, what is the highest Woongarra Population?
When is a Decision of osgood, and a Score of 6 – 7?
When has an Attendance larger than 20,066 in tampa bay?
What date has a Decision of osgood, and a Score of 3 – 4?
List a name that has a heat of at least 3 and a Lane of exactly 5.
Name the sum of time for lane of 1 and rank less than 8
Name the championship with reign of 8
Name the days for current champions of dean ambrose
Name the location of reign 3
Name the date won for wwe intercontinental championship
When was Ranma ½: netsuretsu kakutouhen first release by Banpresto?
In what genre did Microvision develop a game?
What genre is the Banpresto game tittled Ranma ½: netsuretsu kakutouhen?
Position of defensive back, and an Overall smaller than 69 is what lowest pick #?
Round of 11, and a Pick # larger than 14 is the highest overall pick?
Overall of 208 occurred in what round?
what player has To par of –3, and a Score of 73-68=141?
what was steve flesch's to par when he was placed at t3 in the united states?
where did arron oberholser play?
what's the score in canada with place of t8?
How many people attended the game on June 18?
When was the earliest first game with 11 played and 12 games lost?
What is the average number of games played associated with a first game in 1997 and over 0 games drawn?
How many first games are associated with 5 games played and under 3 games lost?
How many games drawn when there are 78 losses and over 121 games played?
How many times was there a draw when played is more than 4 and the first game is in 2000?
what is the most games lost when there were 0 draws?
what is the highest number of games played when there was 2 losses, percentage was 0.00% and more than 0 draws?
what is the most lost games when the percentage is 50.00% and games played is less than 2?
how many draws are there when percentage is 100.00% and played is 7?
how many times is there more than 0 draws and more than 0 losses?
Which Club has a Not winning editions of 1992, 2003?
Who Finalists has a Club of győri?
Who is Winners that has  editions of 1992, 2003 as Not Winning
What is the Finalists that has 2008, 2012, 2013 as Not winning editions
What engine was in the Theodore n183?
Who is listed as the Winners with a Year of 2005?
Which Venue has a Year of 2005?
What is the score when november 15 is the date?
What record has November 15 as the date?
What tournament what held in Cincinnati in 2009?
How many games played when the points for is 369?
what is the club that as 100 tries?
what is the points for when the club has 0 drawn and 60 tries against?
How many draws are for the club senghenydd rfc?
What is senghenydd rfc's points for?
what is the amount lost when there is 1 draw and 515 points?
In which year was Angélica Rivera a nominee?
What is the average lap of the race with a 23 finish?
What is the lowest lap with a 145.926 qual?
What is the finish with 51 laps?
How many laps were in 1958?
What is the smallest area (sq mi) that has 160 as it rank?
Which rank has a smaller area (sq mi) than 48, and an area (km2) greater than 104, and an island of sula, sogn og fjordane?
with Distribution of 10.6% what is the average api level?
with release date of february 9, 2011, what is the api level?
with api level 3, what is the code name?
with distribution of 20.6% what is the code name?
with api level of 18, what's the code name?
Which entrant had fewer than 33 points in 1999?
Which chassis had 16 points?
Which gc37-01 v10 engine has the fewest points?
How many votes did Other receive where Bush received less than 154,204 votes, and Kerry received 41.7% and more than 98,066 votes?
What was Kerry's lowest number of votes where Other received 0.8% and Kerry 70.4%?
How many votes did Others receive where Kerry has 44.6%, and Bush more than 163,650 votes?
Which Title has a Termination of Mission of current?
Which Appointed has Termination of Mission on april 7, 2005?
Which Appointed has a Presentation of Credentials on November 22, 1990
Which Representative has a Presentation of Credentials on september 8, 2005?
Which Termination of Mission has a Presentation of Credentials on October 29, 1981
What is the total for danny allsopp?
Where is the area of operation that had drilling during the year 1999?
What country did the client Agiba-agip work in?
What years was soc a client?
What years was El Mabrouk the area of operation?
What services were in the area of operation Wadi Borjuj?
How many points did the Cosworth v8 engine get in 1972?
Which gold Coast has a Melbourne of yes, a Perth of yes, an Auckland of no, and a Sydney of no?
Which Adelaide has an Auckland of no and a Melbourne of no?
Which Sydney has a Gold Coast of yes, an Adelaide of no, and an Auckland of yes?
Which Sydney has a Perth of no, an Adelaide of yes, and a Gold Coast of no?
Which Adelaide has a Sydney of yes, a Perth of no, a Melbourne of yes, and an Auckland of no?
Which Melbourne has a Perth of yes, and an Auckland of yes?
what is the analog type for wxmi?
what is the callsign for independent affiliation?
what is the analog type for cw on digital 26?
what is the callsign for analog 19?
Who is the winner of the European Poker Tour Grand Final?
What is the name of the event that had a prize of zł 1,226,711?
Who was the winner of the prize zł 1,226,711?
What is the score of Goal For which has a Ties larger 0?
Name the sum of goals conceded when lost is more than 7 and points less than 26
Name the most place for goals scored more than 28 and played less than 18
Name the D46 when it has D 44 of ← majority
Name the D 45 which has D 44 of d 53
Name the D 43 when it has D 45 of d 25
Name the D 43 when it has D 41 of d 56
Name the D 46 which has D 42 of r 14
Which nominating festival did Russia enter?
Which nominating festival did Olga Baillif enter?
Which nominating festival did Bosnia and Herzegovina enter?
Which director made Mi-temps?
Which nominating festival did United Kingdom enter?
What 2013 album was produced by sachin-jigar and contained the song "mann basiyo sanwariyo"?
How many years was Audi Sport Team Joest in 3rd position?
Who were the co-drivers with more than 377 laps in 1st position?
How many goals were scored when they had over 28 points and played over 18 games?
What place is associated with under 28 points, under 11 games lost, and under 18 games played?
How many points are there when they have under 27 goals scored, conceded 24 goals, and lost less than 6 times?
What year did Bryant Heating enter?
Russia has films in which category?
The Prix UIP Vilo Do Conde festival nominated which film?
Which country made Le Portefeuille?
Which nominating festival nominated Iao Lethem's film?
Julio Robledo represents which country?
(A) Torzija was nominated in which category?
How many losses altogether were had by teams that won 12 times, had 40-4 points, and more than 57 goals?
What's the average number of played games from Rayo Vallecano with less than 12 wins?
Who has canidae as family and canis rufus audubon & bachman, 1851 as species/authority?
Name the lowest league for play-offs more than 0 and total of 25
What are the earliest year with games played fewer than 2?
What is the number of games played in the season before 2005?
Name the least selection for ron barnett
Name the player that went to notre dame
What is the to par that has bill collins as the player?
How much money has 76-70-68-73=287 as a score?
What is the commissioned for Vietnam?
What is the commissioned with a 636.3 project, and ordered status?
When was the date that had a Loss of Shirley (0-1)?
Where was the game on Thursday, April 29, and they played the Chicago Cubs?
Who were they playing when Bird (1-4) had a loss?
What was the score of the game when there was a loss of Kern (0-2)?
What camera has the highest Mpix with an aspect ratio of 2:1, a height less than 1536, and a width smaller than 2048?
What is the max fps of a camera with mpix larger than 8.4 and frame size of 4k 16:9?
What frame size corresponds the selection with a max fps of 120, a width of 2048, and height of 1024?
What is the overall record of the Ravens?
What is the division record of Sussex Central?
Which Engine has Points of 3?
What are the highest points with a Chassis of gordini t16, and a Year smaller than 1954?
What is the lowest grid that Paul Tracy had when he had over 4 points?
What is the Date, when the Winner is Aaron Gustavson?
What is the Date, when the City is Warsaw?
What is the Prize, when the Winner is Aaron Gustavson?
Who is the Winner, when the City is Berlin?
What is the name of the party called name?
What is the Left Office of cabinet secretary for culture and external affairs named?
What left office does the First Minister of henry mcleish belong to?
In what year was the Population of Eacham 6,074 and the population of Atherton was less than 10,119?
What was the population of Herberton when Mareeba had 17,129 people and Eacham had a population smaller than 5,609?
What was the sum total of the region after 1976 when Mareeba had population was more than 18,212?
Name the most games for standing of 5th, lebel and goals against larger than 220 with lost more than 52
Name the least tied with games more than 70 and goals for less than 310 with points of 98
Which player had a place of T4?
What is the latest year with less than 0 points?
What entrant has a year earlier than 1960 and a veritas straight-6 engine?
What is the average Year with a Veritas rs chassis and more than 0 points?
What is the number of points for the Entrant of wolfgang seidel and a Cooper t45 chassis later than 1960?
What is the latest year for a Emeryson 1006 chassis with more than 0 points?
What was the score of the second leg with an agg of 4-6?
What is the second team that has first team of Africa sports?
What is team one that has tp englebert for team 2?
Which team 2 has a 2nd leg of 0-2?
Which team has far rabat as the team 1?
What is the agg for a team second leg of 1-3?
with a Time/Retired of +47.376 what is the lap sum?
with a Rider of marco melandri, and a Grid smaller than 10, what is the highest lap count?
with more than 32 laps and sylvain guintoli as rider, what's the lowest grid ?
Who came in 2nd place when Ding Junhui won in 2010?
What ethnic group is 65,104 in 1931?
For Vegas Verdicts week, what was the result?
Which week had a theme of Heroes?
What was the theme for Vegas Verdicts week with a result of Advanced?
What is the Placement when the Votes are fewer than 208, and when the Candidate is Jordan Turner?
Who is the Candidate when the Riding is Hochelaga?
What is the Placement when the Candidate is Jean-Patrick Berthiaume?
What is the value for the League Cup when the FA Cup value is 0 13 0 (49)?
What is the League Cup value for 1991–present?
What league has a value of 0 29 (152) for Europe?
Which week was there a w 23–14 result?
Name the score for hawthorn opponent
Name the score at mcg venue and footscray opponent
Name the venue with opponent of collingwood
When has Result of 2–0, and a Score of 2 – 0?
Which Venue has a Goal larger than 3, and a Competition of 2011 afc asian cup?
Name the casualities for nation of incident of hostile on 2006-06-26
Name the casualities for kabul area
Name the location on 2006-04-07 for direct fire
Which venue has a Date of 20,21,22,23,24 november 1998?
Which Away captain has a Date of 26,27,28,29 december 1998?
Which venue has a Result of draw?
Which Home captain has a Venue of melbourne cricket ground?
Which Away captain has a Date of 2,3,4,5 january 1999?
What was the margin of victory for the win with a score of 71-69-71-70=281?
What is the to par value for the game with a winning score of 71-69-71-70=281?
For what tournament was Bubba Watson the runner-up?
When John Senden was the runner-up, what was the To Par?
In 1988, what Metro Champion had a Runner-up of Memphis State?
What is the latest year a ride opened that was manufactured by Zamperla, was a convoy ride, and had a name of Tiny Truckers?
Who is the manufacturer of the mini jet red baron ride that opened before 2001?
Name the least year for les triplettes de belleville
Name the english title for zhang yimou
Name the country for 2002
Name the english title for mexico/spain/usa
Name the country with year more than 2008
What year did the Cosworth v8 engine participate in?
Which year did the team receive more than 0 points?
Which chassis was used in 1971?
What was the time for Jean Luc Razakarivony with less than 3 heat and more than 2 lanes?
What was Domenico Fioravanti's time on lane 5?
What is the nationality with less than 9 heat, and a time of 1:01.87?
On which dates played Home Captain Courtney Walsh at the Queen's Park Oval?
On what dates did the draw at the Antigua Recreation Ground happen?
Who was the Home Captain at Sabina Park?
When did the draw happen?
When did Northeastern University join?
Which type of institution is in Amherst, MA?
What is the tenure of the person whose courtesy title is yamashiro-no-kami?
What is the courtesy title of the person whose tenure goes from 1766–1794?
What is the bronze value associated with ranks over 5?
What is the highest number of bronzes for countries ranking over 5 with 0 golds?
Name the loss for june 22
Name the loss for june 30
Name the score on august 21, 2007
Name the competition on august 25, 2007
Name the competition that was on august 25, 2007
Name the result for january 14, 2008
How many matches played are associated with 20 losses?
How many matches have Rhymney RFC played?
How many losses does Abercarn RFC have?
When did a Position of 21st (q) happen?
What is the Venue before 2003 with Notes of 57.73 m?
What notes have the 8th position?
Where was European Championships held with notes of 61.46 m?
What is the 0–100km/h (62mph) when the max power is s diesel engine all direct injection (dci)?
What is the engine type where the 0–100km/h (62mph) is 11.2 sec?
Name the original name for last days of the victim
Name the film title for okkar á milli: í hita og þunga dagsins
Name the film title that was norwegian
Name the film title for german
Name the original name for the one from bulgaria
who was the opponent when the attendance was larger than 54,766?
What was the attendance when the series was at 0-1?
Who was the opponent when the series was at 1-3?
what was the score in the loss to tapani (0-1)?
What id the team with a smaller Time than 18?
What is the location of the match with the record 10-8-1?
What is the method of the match in the Road fc 12 at 5:00 with less than 3 rounds, and a loss result?
What is the record of the match at 6:00?
What is the method of the match with a 3-4 record?
What is the location of the match with a round bigger than 1 where the opponent was Yoshihiro Akiyama?
What is the average round of the match with a draw result and a record of 4-4-1?
What is the average round of the match in the Hero's 9 event with a time of 5:00?
What shows as the First US Tour Cast when the Original Broadway Cast was Sarah Bolt?
What is the name of the person in the First UK Tour Cast for the Character of Sister Mary Robert?
What character did Katie Rowley Jones play in the Original West End Cast?
Who was the Original West End Cast when the irst US Tour Cast was lael van keuren?
Who was in the Original West End Cast when the Original Broadway Cast was audrie neenan?
What is the name of the person who was in the Original Broadway Cast that was Original West End Cast of sheila hancock?
Dave Douglas has what score?
Who has more than 70 score with +1 to par?
What game did they lose by 6 - 5?
What is the original title of the film from years after 1985 from the UK?
What is the English title for years after 1981 originating from Argentina?
What is the English title for 1984 from Sweden?
What is the English title for the film directed by George Miller?
What is the Country of origin for the film directed by George Miller?
How many golds for west germany with over 8 total?
How many golds for nations with under 1 bronze?
How many total medals for the nation ranked 7 with 1 silver and under 4 bronzes?
Name the city of license when founded was may 1995
Name the city of license for when founded is october 2010
Name the coverage area for licesne of hillsboro, west virginia
Name the city of license which has age Watt of 160 watts
Name the city of license with frequency of 103.5 mhz
What is the catalog number of Alfa records?
Which player has 68 as the score and canada as the country?
What place has Canada as the country?
Which player has 69 as the score?
What place has a score greater than 68, and camilo villegas as the player?
What is the average score with lee westwood as the player?
Name the years with authority of state and decile more than 6 with roll less than 33
Name the years for marton and decile of 3 for turakina maori girls' college?
Name the average gold medals when the bronze medals was less than 1, silver medals being 0 and total medals more than 1
Name the total number of bronze medals when gold medals was 2, total medals more than 4 and silver medals less than 5
Name the ensemble with silver medals more than 1
Name the average total medals with ensemble of goshen hs
In which category did Nick Jonas win at the Kids' Choice Awards Mexico?
What is the award for the Choice TV: Breakout Star Female category?
What is Joe Jonas' result at the Kids' Choice Awards Mexico?
What category was Joe Jonas nominated for at the Kids' Choice Awards Mexico in 2010?
What Chassis did Team BMS Scuderia Italia use with G Tyres and a Ferrari 037 3.5 v12 engine?
Who was the Rookie of the Year for the Season in 2000?
Who was the opponent in the game where the attendance was larger than 23,230 and the record was 56-37?
When was the game played in which the record was 46-29?
Which type had the unit greifswald - 7 (kgr 7) ?
Which unite had the type wwer-440/213?
What was the date that construction was finished when the unit was greifswald - 4 (kgr 4)?
What was the net power, when the type was wwer-440/230, and when construction was finished on 24.10.1977?
During what years was álvaro pérez the number 2 ranked player?
What is the average value for Top-5, when the value for Top-25 is 0, and the value for Wins is less than 0?
What is the total amount of Top-25 having a Top-5 greater than 1?
What is the sum of the value Top-10 that has a Cuts value of 2 and a Wins value smaller than 0?
What is the average value for Top-5, when the value Cuts is 5, and when the tournament is the Open Championship, and when the value Events is less than 6?
What is the lowest value for Events, when the value for Top-5 is greater than 1?
Who was the visiting team on November 10?
Who was the host team for the game with the final score of 26-24?
Who was the host team on November 17?
At what stadium was the game with the final score of 9-23 played?
At what stadium was the game with the final score of 26-24 played?
Which host team played against the New England Patriots?
What is the reason the Chief Judge of 1971–1977 was terminated?
Which state has a Reason for termination of retirement, and an Active service of 1926–1928?
What is the PI code in the hindhead area?
What is the frequency with 900w power?
What event ended in 3:02 of round 1?
What is the highest round reached by an oppo ent of JR schumacher?
Where did arturo segovia compete?
What is the top fastest time, larger than 2, in Enugu?
How many casualties were from the IED circumstance?
Where there any Draws with 45 tries against?
Which club participated with a record of 45 tries against?
What was the amount of draws where a club had 51 tries for?
How many losses were there with 208 points?
Which of the participating clubs had 73 tries for?
What car has a March 90ca Chassis?
What is the latest year that has an engine of cosworth v8, with a chassis of hesketh 308e?
Which year has brm v12 as the engine?
What is the latesr year that has more points than 0?
What is the corresponding 1930s for 2000 and 1940?
What would be the correct year in the 1940s, if the 1980s is before 1986, the 1990s is before 1995, the 1970s is before 1973, and the 2000s are after 2001?
What is the range for the 1980s that correspond to a grid 1910s of 1912, and a 1940s before 1942
what is the lowest year in the 1910s that would be in the row were the 1950s are no larger than 1952, and the 1980s are no smaller than 1981?
Which is the highest Gold that has a total smaller than 4 and a silver of 1, and a bronze smaller than 2, and a rank of 13?
Which nation has a Bronze and Silver smaller than 1 and a Gold larger than 1?
What was the score of the game that had a round of Rd 26, 2001?
What was the loss of the game attended by 37,119?
What was the date of the game that had a loss of lidle (10-8)?
What was the loss of the game against the Yankees that was attended by 27,652?
What is the number of finish of the Qual of 159.384?
What is the qual for rank 18 in 1964?
On May 13, what was the team's record?
On May 26, what was the team's record?
Who did they lose to on May 20?
What was Spring Creek School's area when the decile was 4?
What is the average Founded for chicopee, massachusetts?
What is the average Joined with a Nickname of wildcats in longmeadow, massachusetts?
Which Current Conference has a Nickname of lynx?
What league played in 2011?
Which date has a Record of 22-22?
Which Opponent has a Date of may 30?
Which record has an Attendance larger than 12,552, and a Score of 7-0?
Who all played mixed doubles in 2010?
Who played women's singles in the year after 2006 when men's singles was cancelled?
Who played Men's singles in 2007?
How many lanes have a Nationality of united states, and a Name of aaron peirsol?
Which name has a Lane smaller than 3, a Heat larger than 4, and a Time of 2:00.80?
When was there a result of 8-1 and a score of 8-1?
When was there a result of 5-1?
When was there a score of 7-1?
What is the result when the score is 8-1?
What is the competition type when the score is 1-1?
What was the date of the game after week 6 with the New York Jets as the opponent?
What is the result of the week 1 game?
How many goals have Lost larger than 35, and Games smaller than 80?
What are the total Goals against with 72 points and more than 37 losses?
What are the total number of points with more than 225 goals and a Goals against of 190?
How many broadband subscribers are there where the population is ~3,644,070?
What is the broadband penetration where there are ~355,100 broadband subscribers?
How many broadband subscribers are there where there are ~47,372 users?
Which team has a value less than 377 million in Germany with a rank of 17?
What is the lowest rank with a value less than 1,200 million and revenue less than 396 million for Manchester City?
What is the average revenue for Bayern Munich with a rank greater than 4?
Which country has more than 5% change in a year with a rank of 10?
What is the lowest revenue for the rank of 14?
Name the opponent for jul 31 and score of w 5-1
Name the less for opponent of @cle and record of 67-29
Name the loss with record of 71-33
Name the date with record of 55-24
Name the record with opponent of bos and loss of morris
Which catalog did Village Records have on February 14, 2002?
What was the region for the 38xa-5 catalog?
What was the date for the catalog 32xa-112?
What was the date for a catalog formatted in stereo LP?
What date is associated with the label Village Records?
Name the round for southampton opponents
Name the most attendance for 19 february 2005
Name the sum of attendance for round 3
What team is owned by Mark Smith and has Paul Clapprood as a crew chief?
Who is Mike Wallace's primary Sponsor(s)?
What driver has Scott Zipadelli as a crew chief?
What team does Reed Sorenson drive for?
Who is Austin Dillon's primary sponsor(s)?
Who is Eric McClure's and Tristar Motorsports' crew chief?
What is the highest rank from Lane 4?
How many ranks are higher than lane 4 from Great Britain, raced by Margaretha Pedder?
What is the lowest rank from Great Britain with a time of 2:10.33?
How many Lanes have a rank higher than 3 with a time of 2:08.11?
Tkkm o te ara rima has a decile less than 4 in what years?
What authority does the rototuna area have?
What award was Hannah Gal the recipient of?
What is the name of the recipient when the director was Susan Jacobson?
What is the film where Hannah Gal was the director?
What is the film dated 22/3/06 and redhouse lane / perfect world was the recipient?
What is the name of the film with an award of £5,380?
What chassis was paired with climax straight-4?
What year did Cooper Car Company enter?
What year has more than 0 points?
What is the total points before 1963?
What was the genre of Queen (an artist from the United Kingdom)?
What is the number of claimed sales in the rock genre?
What was the earliest release-year of the first charted record of Abba?
What was the active period for the pop genre?
What point had team Lotus whit the lotus 33 chassis in 1964?
Which entrant before 1965 scored more than 0 point with the lotus 25 chassis?
Which engine scored 9 points?
What chassis did team lotus use after 1964?
What is the value Others% when the value Others# is greater than 147 and the value Kerry% is 39.6%?
What is the total number of the value Others#, when the county is Langlade, and when the value Bush# is greater than 6,235?
What is the average value of Bush# when the value for Others# is greater than 57, and the value for Bush% is 49.2%?
What is the county when the value for Others% is 1.1%, and the value for Kerry# is greater than 19,177, and the value for Bush% is 52.1%?
What is the date the Fubuki ship laid down?
What is the launched date for the Harusame ship?
The game taking place in Lille had what as a score?
A competition of test taking place on 23 Apr 1988 had what as a score?
On 11 Feb 1990, the competition is listed as what?
The competition that took place on 4 Apr 1997 ended with what as the score?
The competition located in Northampton had a resulting score of what?
What category did MCG get a nominee in?
What genre was Music in the Air?
Which opponent has a record of 52-52?
What is the record as of July 22?
What was the highest number played when there were 21 goals conceded and a draw greater than 3?
What were the total number of points when the amount of goals scored was less than 20?
What were the total number of points when there was a lost larger than 6, when the team was Once Municipal, and when the number of goals scored was less than 8?
What was the highest number of points scored when there was a draw of 2 and when the amount played was 18?
What was the total number of places in which the draw was less than 4 and the amount lost was less than 6?
What is the lowest rank with poland as the nationality and a time greater than 55.34?
Which name has a lane smaller than 7, and a time greater than 54.32 with germany as the nationality and a rank less than 5?
Which average lane has 54.95 as a time?
Which average time has eithan urbach as a name with a lane bigger than 2?
What year was the brabham bt46 bt48 bt49 Chassis common?
How high did Arnold Palmer score in 1962?
Which result has a Venue of ulsan?
Which competition has a Date of 2007-08-22?
Which result has a Date of 2007-08-22?
What's the 2004 tournament that has a 2R in 2000?
What is the 1999 tournament that has a Q1 in 2003 and a Q3 in 2002?
What is the 2004 tournament that has a Q1 of 2011?
What was the hometown of the contestant who was a professional mixologist?
What is the average Year when there was a cosworth straight-4 engine, and the Entrant was ron harris / team lotus?
What is the name of the Entrant that has a Chassis of lotus 25
What was the engine when the chassis was a porsche 718??
What is the number of points when there was a BMW 269 F2 chassis earlier than 1969?
What engine was in the lotus 44 f2 Chassis?
What year was there a lotus 25 Chassis?
what is the lowest rank for the netherlands in lane less than 4?
Name the average total with league cup more than 0 and other more than 0
Name the least other for league cup less than 0, FA cup more than 0 and league of 2 with total less than 14
Name the sum of FA cup when league cup is less than 0
Which state's delegate is from Lexington, Ky and is 5'4" tall?
What is the height of the delegate whose hometown is Renton, WA?
Is there a Position for Notes 53.96?
Is there a Venus that's a year later than 2002, with an Event of 4x400m relay in 4th Position?
What Event goes with Notes 53.76?
On what date did they have a record of 12-17?
What Best Bowl is it that has 151 Matches and 1 100s?
What engine did the Team Lotus have after 1965?
What chassis did the BRM V8 engine have?
What was the highest number of points in 1966?
What is the greatest number of losses a team that played fewer than 25 games in 2010 had?
What is the average number of points for a team that played 17 games and had more than 15 losses?
How many laps did gunnar nilsson drive?
Who built james hunt's car that went 79 laps?
What is the 2014 Santander together with 2003 Cadiz of Finn ?
WHich is 2014 Santander included 2011 Perth of 470?
Which 2007 Cascais has 2014  RS:X Santander.
Which Discipline has a 2007 laser radial Cascais ?
How much did the Modern Pentathlon III Series coin weigh?
What is the obverse of the archery coin?
What is the denomination of the III Series?
What is the diameter of the Archery Reverse coin?
Who wrote the episode with a production code greater than 1.4 direcyed by rick wallace?
Who wrote the episode that was directed by dan lerner?
What is the average total of player Simon Donnelly, with a Scottish Cup greater than 0?
What is the Challenge Cup total with a League of 1, Player Simon Storey, and a Total greater than 1?
What is the highest total of Player Damon Gray, with a Challenge Cup less than 0?
What is the least for Scottish Cup with a Challenge Cup greater than 0, Player Paul Keegan, and League Cup greater than 0?
What is the greatest Challenge Cup with a League smaller than 2, Total greater than 2, and a League Cup greater than 1?
What is the highest Total with a League Cup greater than 0, Player Gary Harkins, and Scottish Cup greater than 0?
Which result has a Venue of away, and an Opponent of marbella?
Which venue has a Date of 28 july 2007?
What is the result with a home venue?
Which Date has a Result of 0–0?
Which date has a Result of 5–0, and an Opponent of tooting & mitcham?
Name the total number of goals which have played more than 44
Name the most draws when goals against is more than 56 and wins is more than 14
Name the least goals when position is more than 4 and draws is more than 11
Name the most wins which have clubbed of elche cf and goals against more than 43
Birth Date of 8 November 1980, and a Weight smaller than 93 has what sum of a shirt number?
Shirt number of 18, and a Height larger than 195 has how much weight?
Name the To par for leland gibson
Name the place for ed oliver
Name the player with score of 74-68-71=213
Name the To par for dick metz
Who won the Women's singles in 2013?
Who won the Men's doubles when there was no competition in the Men's singles?
What year was there no competition in Mixed Doubles?
What year did Lonneke Janssen win the Women's singles?
what was the score for the game on 14 april 2001?
what is the score for the game on 21 april 2001?
what is the competition on 21 april 2001?
Who is the opponent the Seattle Seahawks played when their record was 1-3?
On what date was the crowd size of 71,789?
Which week did the Seattle Seahawks have a record of 6-6?
What was the final score (result) for the game where 51,100 attended?
Where was the game held when the attendance was 56,770?
Which week was the game held at Kingdome on October 13, 1991?
Who was the opponent at the game that had a loss of Harden (9-6)?
Name the sum of Laps for co-drivers of oliver gavin jan magnussen and class of gts with year less than 2004
Name the team with laps more than 333 and year less than 2004
Name the team with Laps of 333
What is the points for where the tries for is 29?
What is the points for of Club of penallta rfc?
What is the try bonus for ynysybwl rfc?
What is the points against for the team that played 22 and lost 6?
What is the score of  Tommy Bolt
WHich Places have a score smaller than 69?
What is the To Par that has Tommy Bolt with a Place of t6?
Who is the entrant with a cooper t43 chassis before 1958?
Name the 2006 when the 2010 is 27
Which main cast seasons were portrayed by Joe Jonas?
How many episodes were portrayed by Nick Jonas?
How many episodes had the character of Nick Lucas?
What character is portrayed by Joe Jonas?
What was the extra info for the Commonwealth Games?
What year was the Commonwealth Games?
What job is at red bank?
What year did Ecurie Bleue score more than 0 points?
What is the starting point of the north/south operating Palafox Street route?
Which bi-directional route has a terminus at Ecat/Rosa Park Transit Center?
Which route has a terminus of pine Forest?
What is the starting point of the route that has its terminus at Ecat/Rosa Park Transit Center?
What is the direction of the route that stars at downtown transit center and has a terminus point at Pensacola Beach?
Where does the Bayou Blvd./12th Avenue route that has a terminus at the downtown transit center operate?
How many full professors work under Hartmut Kliemt with more than 0 lecturers?
What is the least amount of lecturers in the accounting department with less than 5 full professors?
What is the average number of honorary professors in the economics department with 1 lecturer?
What Loss occured on the Date of June 12?
What Loss had an Attendance of 17,675?
What Loss had an Attendance of 17,675?
On what Date had a Score of 5-2 and a Loss of Greinke (1-2)?
What was the Score that has an Attendance of 39,446?
What was the Loss that had a Score of 9-1?
What counties represented have a democratic committee, and a committee of ways and means?
What is the average first elected year that has a district of 11 and a committee of environmental matters?
What is the total number of First elected that has a country represented in Baltimore county, a district of 06.0 6, and a committee of economic matters?
What district has counties represented by Baltimore county, a committee of health and government operations, and a first elected smaller than 2002?
What is the Highest first elected year that has a district of 06.0 6, and a committee of economic matters?
Who was from Morocco and scored 6 goals?
Who has the highest ranking from  1996–13, and more than 17 goals?
What was the average ranking of Saudi Arabia in the years of 2000–?
Which nation had 14 goals?
What nationality is hamzah idris?
Who had fewer goals than 4 during the years of 1996–13?
what is the lowest top-25 when the events is less than 17 and top-5 is more than 0?
what is the top-5 when the tournament is totals and the top-25 is more than 4?
what is the average number of events when the top-5 is less than 1 and top 25 more than 1
what is the highest top-5 when the top-25 is less than 4, cuts made is more than 3 and wins is 0?
what is the total number of times the tournament was pga championship and evens is less than 4?
What year did Elf Team Tyrrell have 34 points?
After 1972, how many points did Marlboro Team Alfa Romeo have?
What chassis had 39 points?
How many points did the Ford V8 with a Tyrrell 007 have?
Before 1976 and with 12 points, what chassis did the Ford V8 have?
What year did Elf Team Tyrrell have 39 points and a Tyrrell 007 Chassis?
